<post author="Merlin" datetime="2009-04-13T17:02:00" id="p7">
The turmoil in Thailand is getting worse. A state of emergency has been declared in and around Bangkok. The army has been mobilised, tanks are on the street, and the situation is getting more violent. The PM refused to resign. The previously disposed and self-exciled PM Thaksin said he may return to Thailand. Travel advisory has been issued by a number of countries.

Ir is not possible to know what will be the outcome.

<a href="http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-04/13/content_11180927.htm">Violence escalates in Thailand</a>

<quote>
BANGKOK, April 13 (Xinhua) -- Violence in Thailand is escalating Monday despite government troops attempted to gain control and restore order to the capital Bangkok.

The whole-day's stand-off and clashes between anti-government "red shirted" protestors and Thai police and soldiers have left more than 70 people injured.

A building in Thailand's education ministry complex has been set ablaze after being hit by petrol bombs. Protestors also seized seven buses and set them on fire in front of the army headquarters, sending flames shooting high into the sky, witnesses said.

Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on national TV that the protestors had no right to break the law or violate other people's rights. He added that he would not step down under violence threat.

Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban also warned of possible sabotage of "red shirted" people on Monday night.

In a televised program, Suthep, who is in charge of national security, asked police and soldiers to take action against protesters who break the law.....

The violence started before dawn Monday after Abhisit declared a state of emergency on Sunday afternoon in Bangkok and some districts of five provinces nearby, citing the escalating violence of red-shirted protesters.

Soon after the declaration of the state of emergency, soldiers and armored carriers were deployed onto the Bangkok street.

At about 4:30 a.m. local time Monday morning, some 300 red-shirted protestors used a seized bus to crash soldiers stationed at Din Daeng District in north Bangkok. Soldiers fired warning shots into the air and used teargas to disperse the protestors....
</quote>

Till early afternoon, the Thai security authorities have managed to disperse red- shirted protestors from many areas in Bangkok as traffic have resumed.
</post>
<post author="Merlin" datetime="2009-04-15T04:27:00" id="p8">
I generally agree with the views here.

<a href="http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123975933750419419.html">Thailand Needs New Elections</a>

<quote>
Apr 15, 2009 [WSJ] Over the past few years, Thailand's political elites have waged a battle on the streets of the capital using mobs to throw democratically elected governments out of power. Now it is the turn of the supporters of Thaksin Shinawatra, the deposed former prime minister, to wreak their revenge. Meanwhile the economic losses mount, and one of Asia's oldest democracies looks more and more fragile. So where did Thailand go wrong?

For decades, power-brokers in the military, parliament and boardroom used the government to enrich themselves. The populist Mr. Thaksin threatened their interests by obtaining a strong democratic mandate to start expensive government programs to benefit the rural poor, and also to open the door wider to the forces of globalization and competition. Last weekend's riots by the "Red Shirts," Mr. Thaksin's supporters, mimicked the tactics used by the anti-Thaksin forces, the "Yellow Shirts," in late 2008. That group also surrounded government buildings and blockaded Bangkok's airports for days, bringing the country to a virtual standstill.

Both protests reflect an increasingly polarized Thai society. On the Yellow side are monarchists who profess loyalty to King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the army, many academics, some of the business elite, and ordinary Thais mainly from the southern provinces. On the Red side are supporters of Mr. Thaksin, including business owners who benefited under his rule, and many rural voters especially in the north and northeast of the country who also reaped the rewards of his populist "Thaksinomics."

The Reds have the advantage of sheer numbers, and most probably free and fair elections would return pro-Thaksin forces to leadership. The Yellows claim legitimacy because of their loyalty to the king; they also have the army and, for the most part, the police force behind them. In the middle are large numbers of ordinary Thais who want to get back to stability and prosperity.

Full rehabilitation of Mr. Thaksin most probably would require a pardon, whether by the king or the parliament. Yet there are other steps that could be taken -- and that don't necessarily need to factor in Mr. Thaksin directly -- that also might pave the way for meaningful reconciliation.

The government could grant amnesty to the 111 members of Mr. Thaksin's now-defunct Thai Rak Thai Party, allowing them to re-enter the political arena. This group, including Mr. Thaksin, was banned from politics for five years by a junta-appointed panel for breaking electoral laws prior to the parliamentary elections of April 2, 2006.

The current Constitution of 2007 could be amended to reflect better the so-called People's Constitution of 1997. Many consider this Constitution the most democratic in the country's history, not least because it was drawn up with extensive public consultation, and for the first time called for direct elections to both the upper and lower houses of parliament. In any case, greater power needs to be returned to the elected members of parliament and removed from nonelected institutions and representatives of the state. Some of the reforms of the 1997 Constitution were rolled back in 2007.

More importantly, there should be fresh elections as soon as possible. By hanging on to power until the bitter end, Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and his coalition government risk doing more harm than good. The prime minister should recognize that the current situation is untenable.....
</quote>
</post>
<post author="Shiny Capstar" datetime="2009-04-15T19:42:00" id="p9">
One of my friends is off there on holiday next week, the daft moron.
</post>
