<post author="mslxl" datetime="2007-09-15T18:42:00" id="p185">
Dear Wolfman,

Congratulations on this extraordinary work! I had to read the whole thread in one sitting. Fascinating!

I have two comments.

First, you expressed your dismay at seeing Mosuo adults treat children as if they had "no soul." I can relate to that. I experienced the same cultural shock in West Africa. I think a key to finding a broader context in which to understand that attitude is in investigating what initiation is. Originally, in so-called primitive societies, initiation was the beginning of personhood, not just adulthood or membership in a defined group. "Childhood," as just an aspect of being human, is a rather recent concept. Starting from induction into the human, a.k.a. adult, community, initiation evolved by specializing in priest/healer training, then preparation for other specialties. Today, in our "developed" societies, initiation is fragmented into myriads of school rituals, sports rituals, military rituals, diplomas, licenses, ranks, clubs, orders, fellowships and professional associations. I think it is fair to say that the closer a culture is to the "one time only, major transition into full personhood" model, the more you will observe adults treating children in ways that are "appalling" from our "children are persons too" perspective.

The lack of consideration given to non-initiated children would seem to agree with other "archaic" traits like matriarchy to make this a very ancient culture.

I recommend looking at Mircea Eliade's book on initiation. It is old, but he does a good job of digging up this "core beliefs" dimension of initiation.

Do you have any additional information on initiation in the Mosuo culture?

Second comment. You wrote about the traditional priest:

"Thus, his actual understanding of "medicine" is rather comical (from our perspective)...his view on it is that medicine is basically just another religious means of doing what he does: that is, defeat evil spirits with the judicious application of the appropriate ceremonies."

Actually, at the scale of global human history, his view is correct. The separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas. To be specific, it is largely an effect of the roman catholic church's ruthless effort to wipe out traditional healing in Europe and concentrate the authority over all things spiritual in its own hands. The scientifically trained doctor may have become the standard of the healing profession, but he is still a descendant of the priests and shamans of our animist ancestors.

mslxl
</post>
<post author="Kopji" datetime="2007-09-15T20:38:00" id="p186">
Hi wolfman,
very cool thread, and best of luck with the complexities you face. Some of the cultural questions and issues seem very similar to those faced by some of the tribes in the US Southwest. The Arizona village of Supai is only accessible by a 10 mile trail of foot/horse/mule -- and helicopter. The impact on business, culture and the people is fascinating to observe.

There is an anxiety about wanting to help, and knowing that they must largely work things out themselves if they are to survive as a unique people. You seem to feel that for these people and I wish you luck.

One of my favorite books is a book of poetry from Chinese women ('The Orchid boat')- who were mostly concubines or otherwise matriarchal society. I am curious if the Mosuo have a similar tradition of stories or poetry that has been documented?
</post>
