<post author="firefly" datetime="2011-11-09T22:13:00" id="p188">
The first juror to speak out in this trial has given an interview in which she talks about what went on in the jury room.
<a href="http://abcnews.go.com/US/michael-jackson-absolutely-alive-conrad-murray-juror/story?id=14912611">http://abcnews.go.com/US/michael-jackson-absolutely-alive-conrad-murray-juror/story?id=14912611</a>

And NBC is airing interviews with Murray which were taped before the verdict was reached

<quote>
Jackson Doctor defends self in NBC broadcasts
LINDA DEUTSCH, AP Special Correspondent
Wednesday, November 9, 2011

LOS ANGELES (AP) — The doctor convicted of killing Michael Jackson never testified at his trial, but he is now defending himself in multiple NBC interviews taped just days before a jury returned his guilty verdict.

NBC's "Today" show planned to broadcast interviews with Dr. Conrad Murray in which he defends his use of the surgical anesthetic propofol to put Jackson to sleep. Although multiple experts testified at his trial that propofol should not have been administered in Jackson's home, the doctor disagreed.

"I think propofol is not recommended to be given in the home setting," Murray said, "but it is not contraindicated."

He also said Jackson had been using the substance long before the pop star met Murray.

The interview with the Houston cardiologist, who was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter Monday, is set to air Thursday and Friday. NBC released excerpts of the interview Wednesday.

Under questioning by the "Today" show's Savannah Guthrie, Murray said it was not necessary for him to monitor Jackson because he had given him only a small dose of propofol, and he said that was the reason he didn't mention it to paramedics when they arrived at Jackson's mansion.

"That's a very sad reason," he said, "because it was inconsequential — 25 milligrams and the effect's gone. Means nothing."

Guthrie asked, "Well, you told them about the other drugs, but you didn't tell them about propofol?"

"Because it had no effect," Murray said. "It was not an issue."

The coroner would subsequently find that Jackson, 50, died of "acute propofol intoxication" after a huge dose of the drug complicated by other sedatives.

Murray's defense tried to show that Jackson gave himself an extra dose of propofol while Murray was out of the room, but prosecution experts said there was no evidence of that and it was a crazy theory.

Asked by Guthrie if he became distracted by phone calls, emailing and text messages, Murray said, "No I was not."

"When I looked at a man who was all night deprived of sleep, who was desperate for sleep and finally is getting some sleep, am I gonna sit over him, sit around him, tug on his feet, do anything unusual to wake him up? No," Murray said.

"You walked out of the room to talk on the phone?" Guthrie asked.

"Absolutely, I wanted him to rest."

He insisted Jackson was not on an infusion that would stop his breathing and, "I was not supposed to be monitoring him at that time because there was no need for monitoring."

Other doctors testified at Murray's trial that leaving a patient alone after giving him an anesthetic was an egregious deviation from the standard of care expected of a physician.

In one exchange, Murray suggested that had he known that Jackson had a problem with addiction to medications he might have acted differently. Experts testified that he should have researched Jackson's medical history before he undertook his treatment for insomnia.

On the day Jackson died, June 25, 2009, Murray said he believed he had weaned the singer off of propofol, the drug Jackson called his "milk."

But when Jackson could not sleep, Murray told "Today," he gave the entertainer a very small dose of propofol.

In retrospect, he said he probably should have walked away when Jackson asked for propofol. But he said he would have been abandoning a friend.

Meanwhile, the disclosure that MSNBC will air a documentary about Murray brought outrage Wednesday from the executors of Jackson's estate, who said Murray is getting a prime-time platform to smear Jackson's reputation without fear of cross-examination.

The executors, John Branca and John McClain, demanded the program entitled "Michael Jackson and the Doctor: A Fatal Friendship" be cancelled. The network said it had no comment.

Murray, 58, was hired by Jackson at a promised salary of $150,000 a month to accompany the singer on his "This Is It" concert tour to London.

A jury that heard six weeks of testimony convicted Murray of involuntary manslaughter. He is now being held in Los Angeles County Jail awaiting sentencing Nov. 29 and could face up to four years in prison.
<a href="http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/Jackson-Doctor-defends-self-in-NBC-broadcasts-2259928.php">http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/Jackson-Doctor-defends-self-in-NBC-broadcasts-2259928.php</a>
</quote>

Oh, he tells the police he had given Jackson IV propofol for what, 40 or 50 straight nights, but we are supposed to believe that he didn't do that the day MJ died? And we are supposed to believe that he had weaned MJ off the drug, at the same he was ordering 4 gallons of it to be used on Jackson? And, if Jackson was weaned off it, why would he have suddenly impulsively self-administered it? And Conrad Murray must have been the only person on the planet who didn't know MJ had a long-standing problem with prescription drugs.

Dr Murray is not a very good liar. He could never have weathered a cross-examination if he had taken the stand in his own defense.
</post>
<post author="Arella Mae" datetime="2011-11-09T22:31:00" id="p189">
@firefly,

In his taped interview with the police he said he "was weaning" MJ off the propofol and he had given it to him for the past twenty nights. I think the doctor would be better off keeping his mouth shut from here on out. He only contradicts his taped interview with the police.
</post>
