<post author="Bananaman" datetime="2008-09-13T10:12:00" id="p1">
You're prabably expecting an emotional plea. This isn't one.

I've read so many 9/11 conspiracy theorist threads I'm practically an expert. OK, I'm not not engineer or architect or pilot, which will surprise no-one who has ever had to delete one of my posts, but for God's sake, it's just reached risible levels now.

Sooner or later every debunker reaches the stage where they just want to whack the miscreant round the head and tell him not to be stupid.

They're faced with facts. They ignore them.

They're faced with evidence. The evidence is lies.

They're faced with bloody horrific in your face proof that they're wrong and they ask silly childish questions about millisecond anomolies.

I shouldn't want to punch the nincompoops, but I do.

So why do I still wish sense to be bashed into their silly heads?

Quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.

If someone you cared about was murdered, for whatever reason, and the perpetrator was exonerated, if that's the word I want, in favour of an innocent party, I'd be pretty bloody upset. The same principle applies here. Those who died on 9/11 deserve better than to have their murderers excused as puppets, or whatever the latest fantasy they've dreamed up is. It's too sick.

Well, that's it. That's why I no longer laugh at them. I prefer to spit.

Those idiots at the memorial last week...hmmm, let's just say, I wish everyone there had just flicked the V sign at them and thrown the odd bottle of urine, just as if it was a crap band on the stage.

Bananaman (The pissed off)

p.s. admittedly I did get a little emotional, but not in a good way.
</post>
<post author="Myriad" datetime="2008-09-13T11:02:00" id="p2">
As the eager easily-duped suburban kids move on to new fads and become thin on the ground and the "say anything as long as it's against Bush" contingent see increasing alternative avenues for their political disaffection, we're seeing the residue of the movement and their nature and motivations are becoming clearer.

The anti-Semites and Nazis, we're already familiar with. The career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with. But there's a significant segment of the most recent wave of Internet truther trolls that appears to be more motivated by direct sympathy for the same Islamic fundamentalist Jihadist ideals (which after cutting through the centuries-old political and religious smokescreens basically come down to "stop giving human rights to women or we lose all hope of getting laid") that motivated the 9/11 attacks in the first place.

The Jihadists have little hope of being able to hijack any more planes so easily. But pissing on the graves of their past victims is easily within their, or their supporters', capabilities. I don't expect that movement to end any time soon.

Respectfully,
Myriad
</post>
<post author="liverleef" datetime="2008-09-13T14:01:00" id="p3">
I'm fairly conservative (fiscally anyway) but I can have a rational conversation with someone who has polar opposite views. Sometimes I even change my position a little if they present a good argument. I'm open minded and I just don't take things as personally as others do.

The only person that I absolutely cannot keep my cool with is a truther. I've been asked why I'm so opposed to a second investigation. I usually blurt out that the truth movements goal is not a second investigation, their goal is to absolve al Qaeda of the murder of thousands of innocent people and that makes me mad. Really, really mad.

To add to what Myriad said, I think that after the election, particularly if Obama is elected, it will be interesting to see what happens to the truth movement. Many people fall into this group because of blind hatred of President Bush. Most of those truthers are likely to just move on after the election and look for other things to be pissed off about.

Thats when we are going to really have a look at the far right wing anti-government loonies, nazis, anti-semites, etc that make up the core of the truth movement.
</post>
