<post author="yummymummy79" datetime="2009-09-12T22:04:00" id="p39">
Only caught this thread tonight, but yay for you and the date!
Has been said lots already (and seems like you've realised it a bit now too!) but the vast majority of guys really won't care or even notice. I've got a few issues with stretch marks, a wobbly tummy bit (both from being preggers) and scars on my bum from my skin condition (HS) and can honestly say that none of the guys that I've been with gave the smallest hoot! As you've said, once they're focussin on other bits in dimmed light then who cares!

Hope you can feel happy with whatever decision you make, and I can't imagine that having the new tummy tuck scar would make any difference to guys just as it wouldn't for some of the probs you've got now so I guess it's whatever makes you feel better.
</post>
<post author="fantasia322" datetime="2009-09-12T22:30:00" id="p40">
Aww, honey I really feel for you, the apron does make you feel bad. Just promise if you do look into getting a tummy tuck you will go to a proper approved surgeon approved by the proper medical authorities. Beter still get ur GP to refer you. Men dont notice but you got to do what makes you feel better - Love n Hugs. Debs xXx
</post>
<post author="DEEBEE" datetime="2009-09-12T22:56:00" id="p41">
Y&amp;W. I just had to comment. I've been left with an overhang of belly fat following an emergency section with my DS. I wasnt self conscious about it I too saw it as a battle scar, and part of the story of my life until my husband mentioned it at one point and I became so paranoid I started saving for a tummy tuckand wouldnt walk around naked in front of him. I was hyper critical of myself and my appearance. I couldnt accept myself for who I was and I was never like this.. My marriage broke down and I was left with the paranoia caused by an OH who couldnt be happy with what he had and was looking for excuses to be critical of me. Anyway. long story shorter - I've since met a lovely bloke and he has never commented on my overhang (and I'm still completely paranoid about it). he's even gone so far as to kiss the scars from my gall bladder removal operation. There are lovely blokes out there who dont give a toss about physical appearance in that way. If they find you funny and interesting and attractive, they dont mind about an overhang. I applaud your determination in saving so hard for your operation and if it's truely what you want and you feel you can stop at the tummy tuck, then go for it. In the meantime. did you ever think about wearing a little slip in bed? I've found that it hides all the bits I'm not so confident about but still allowing for a bit of fun iykwim.

Good luck whatever you decide to do. XX
</post>
