<post author="Lash" datetime="2004-11-26T14:48:00" id="p252">
A few thoughts in perusing the fallout here:

1) Fox-- I feel sort of responsible for you feeling as though you had to defend my statements-- of course, I didn't expect it, but I did value it greatly.

2) When I said this-- "I think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism. Possibly more dangerous than the lunkheads that come out and say the crap"-- I meant it. The same has been said of those who quietly listen to anti-Jew rhetoric or jokes, and remain silent, or laugh in tacit agreement. It applies to all people and all minority groups, who are maligned. Previously, most people here have agreed. Suddenly, at least one poster not only signals strong disagreement, but they they tacitly admit this comment applies to them. (Or seem to by not just saying it doesn't.)

Why didn't dlowan simply say she doesn't make excuses for it? I wondered why she didn't just do that.

3) When I said this-- "Do I think either of them go about harboring ill thoughts and feelings of superiority toward other people due to skin color and such? No. Do I think they embolden and service racism by keeping silent in the face of this crap? I certainly do"-- I had in mind dlowan's comment that the cartoons, racist and otherwise, were funny. I had in mind nimh's post which ignored the racial attacks against Rice, and wrote a tit-for-tat response about Jesse Jackson--which I took to mean that if Republicans didn't like Jackson--we should accept that the attack on Rice was the GOP's just desserts. I was really surprised by this. I tried to show the difference in not liking Jackson, and an all out attack on Rice per her race, by saying "You would have a point if Jesse Jackson was ever portrayed as Little Black Sambo"--which was ignored.

4) I took care to say this-- "What we established is I didn't say they were racists"-- more than once.

It was quite a tightrope walk--because I feel that in almost all circumstances, you cannot know the mind of the one making statements. So, my statements were as general as I could muster, in hopes of eliciting a clarification.

5) That dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "I think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism. Possibly more dangerous than the lunkheads that come out and say the crap."

It is clearly a very general statement. One with which I'd think she'd agree.

6) It seems to me all this sidebar indignation is a dodge of the central issue. Why would anyone feel indignation to comments that don't apply to them? Why would nimh continue with the focus on my statements, when he obviously agreed once he saw the pictures a la PDiddie?

Since the comment about tacit approval of racism was made, nimh has come in with several long, play by play analysis of the discussion. He acts as though I had no right to make such statements because of the exact location of the first mention of the Aunt Jemima pictures. By the time he'd seen them, he agreed with me that they were across the line. If he had done that earlier, his name would not have appeared in what we may now describe as the Apocalyptic Hey You Guys Are Surprisingly On The Wrong Side Of This Issue post. But, he was late in seeing them, and had already been fingered as a possible suspect--and begun his indignant responses.

Timing. It really is everything.

Thanks again, Fox.
</post>
<post author="dlowan" datetime="2004-11-29T05:37:00" id="p253">
Yes- this is what happens when you don't read responses.

Try again, Lash.
You MIGHT see what I meant when I said ONE cartoon was funny.

I would happily have explained what I was ACTUALLY saying, but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations.

Thing is, once that happens, all reason is gone. NIMH has the patience and passion to explain, I sometimes do not.

Fox - lol! We fight all the time - but seldom really fuss.

Now - if I could just straighten out your politics!!!!!Lol!!!!!
</post>
<post author="cavfancier" datetime="2004-11-29T06:09:00" id="p254">
I have to agree with Lash that sometimes, given time differences, dial-up versus high speed, sometimes hot topics on A2K become quite bizzare to read.

Now, I've actually read the responses, and also agree with dlowan. I say, let's just spread the love.

If you ask me, the motivation from so-called 'liberals' for using racist images in political cartoons is nothing more than trying to make a statement about conservatives. That's politics.

I'm sure the cartoonists think they are all terribly ironic, and forget that some of them are not all that talented.

As per the issue of Republicans appointing minorities to important positions, and the suggestion that this is something the Democrats never did, I couldn't care less. It's still politics, not honesty about how people actually feel about each other.
</post>
