<post author="hereonceag..." datetime="2012-01-18T13:52:00" id="p12">
<quote orig_author="katarczyna:">
<quote orig_author="hereonceagain:">
If you don't mind me asking, how was the experience of getting your tumor removed, in regards to pain intensity and duration?
</quote>

I don't mind at all! Not sure what specifically you're asking for, so I'll do a total dump of information. Hope it helps.
Warning - some info might be TMI. I've lost any sense of what's appropriate and too much when it comes to talking about this.

I had two brain surgeries within 6 weeks... they were tremendously different experiences.
(1) Was to remove the actual tumor. I'm told the surgery itself was 11 hours. Had 70 staples and titanium clips holding me together. Apparently came out of anethesia calling the nurses and mutherfvckers for not getting me water when I was thirsty and wanted pain meds. (I do not recall this and deny it!) I was in the ICU for 4 days, vomiting the entire time and on a liquid diet. I didn't want to eat a thing, so the jello + broth wasn't a tragedy. Regular hospital room for another 4 days or so. Pain was worst I've ever experienced. Lifting my head was beyond excruciating (operation was on the base of my skull, so even laying was uncomfortable), getting out of bed seemed impossible. Was on Norco 10s as often as they'd dole them out - eventually learned 2 Norco 5s were a better friend to me (more Tylenol). Numb head and extreme pain were weird. I wrote in my journal that it felt like I had a leather mask on my head. When I'd touch my scalp, I couldn't feel anything but the pain. But I couldn't sense my fingers on my head. That was a weird feeling and I still can't feel 100% back there. Had double vision and wore an eyepatch for many weeks.
Went to inpatient Physical Therapy for a week to learn how to walk and stuff again. Not that I didn't know how, but I needed help re-training muscles and balancing. (Tumor was affecting my balance and I threatened to topple over; had to be caught several times.) Hated PT, but could eat normal food again.
Continued PT three times a week.
Long story short - I had a cerebrospinal fluid leak. A pint of essentially brain fluid built up between the skull and scalp.
Surgery (2) was to repair the seal they applied when they finished with the tumor removal. That surgery was relatively fast (3 hrs?) and no physical side effects, aside from the 70 staples. But it hurt 100x worse. I wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship. Norco didn't cut it anymore. They put me on a Dialudid (sp) drip that I self-administered every 15 minutes. It helped, but it was still beyond excruciating. ICU for 2 days, reg room for 2 days, then home.
I did not feel ready to be home. But I had a stock of pain meds, RX galore, and a couch waiting for me at the house. I slept the majority of the day, popped Norco like they were candy, and waited to feel better.
Removing the staples was horrible and weird. Some didn't hurt at all (due to numbness, not that removing a staple from your scalp wouldn't hurt like a mofo). I kept them all as "souvenirs". H took a million pictures during each hospital stay, room change, wound healing, etc. Infuriated me at the time, but looking back I am very glad I have them. It's therapeutic for me to look at them now.
I was out of work for a total of three months. Gave work one day notice to transition all of my projects and get STD set up and everything.
I was an emotional wreck for a long time. "Why me", struggling with family issues that surfaced with this, etc.

Phew. Did that answer your question? lol

</quote>

oh my lord! I am so so so sorry you had to go through that. How are you now? How long ago was this? What symptoms did you have that got you to the doctor in the first place? I pray you have a smooth future with everything!
</post>
<post author="katarczyna" datetime="2012-01-18T14:14:00" id="p13">
<quote orig_author="hereonceagain:">
oh my lord! I am so so so sorry you had to go through that. How are you now? How long ago was this? What symptoms did you have that got you to the doctor in the first place? I pray you have a smooth future with everything!

</quote>

Thanks. It was Q4 2008. I have almost no side effects and I'm told my scar is covered by my hair. (They didn't have to shave it or anything.)
I had paralyzing dizziness and nausea. Toward the end, throwing up multiple times a day because I turned my head too quickly. I ignored it for a year before H made me go to the doctor or stop whining about it. I went, they thought it was vertigo, scheduled routine MRI and said "holy shiit. this has to come out like yesterday."
All things considered, it couldn't have happened more perfectly. Life would be very different if any one thing didn't happen as it did.
</post>
<post author="Spenjamins" datetime="2012-01-18T14:16:00" id="p14">
At this point I would stay within your group because they have your history.
FYI, my Dad is a well-respected, excellent neurosurgeon and does brains and spines. They can do both ;-)!
</post>
