<post author="okie" datetime="2007-06-12T09:06:00" id="p100">
Dyslexia, thanks for your honest appraisal. I realize I cut to the chase and offer abrupt answers that may grate on people, as I see the issue. I simply give my honest views here.

Setanta made a statement that I thought was rather stupid, and I said so. His equating the safety of soldiers in Iraq to the safety of the nation is really not very bright, and I am sorry to offend people, but I used an illustration of WWII to illustrate that point. I also understand that he is falling back onto the idea that we supposedly have won the war, and Bush opponents love to point out Bush's proclamation on the aircraft carrier. Yes, I understand that. And Bush and Setanta are correct, we overthrew Hussein, and that part of the war is over, but the overall war is not, and everyone knows it.

If we had not gone to Afghanistan or Iraq, everyone has a different opinion as to whether this country would be safer now. As I pointed out earlier, Hillary thinks we are. I think we are. Perhaps you think we are not. To be fair to Hillary, she said we are safer, but I don't know if she would claim the wars made us safer or not. I have no clue what she thinks from day to day, and actually think she made statements in the debate that conflict with other statements she has made, which is what happens when you simply play to the audience. In any case, just because soldiers are in higher danger in Iraq does not prove we are more unsafe here, and to claim it as Setanta did is utter nonsense in my opinion. Sorry to offend you with my opinion, but I thought that was what this forum was for.

As far as polarizing every statement as liberal or conservative, I will try to take note of that weakness, if it is. Note, I changed the word, "lib" above to "Bush opponents."
</post>
<post author="Setanta" datetime="2007-06-12T11:42:00" id="p101">
How very dense your response is. I did not equate the safety of the soldiers in Iraq with the safety of the nation--you and O'Bill see intent on repeating that canard, as though continually saying so makes it true. I simply pointed out that soldiers in Iraq being killed is at the least not evidence that Americans are safer thanks to the invasion--they are being killed precisely because they are Americans.

You attempted to make an analogy with the Second World War, but you failed. In the Second World War, we fought the Empire of Japan, with more than 7,000,000 troops, and in many respects, the most modern navy in the world in 1941. We also participated in the war against Germany, with more than 8,000,000 troops, and some of the most modern weapons systems on land at that time. After less than four years, both nations had surrendered-- and after they surrendered, American civilians and soldiers were no longer killed by the Japanese or the Germans.

In comparison, in Iraq, we faced a small army, a mere shadow of the army which had fought in the Iran-Iraq War and the Gulf War. We defeated their armed forces, we drove their government from power, we rounded up as many of their leaders as we could get our hands on, and we abolished the political party which had held power. Yet more than four years later, Americans are still being killed in Iraq, soldiers and civilians, just because they are Americans. Sure as hell doesn't sound safer to me.
</post>
<post author="okie" datetime="2007-06-12T15:30:00" id="p102">
Nice retraction, Setanta.

What you say is true, but also let us remind ourselves how many American died in WWII, then compare that with Iraq, with a much higher U.S. population I would also add, the comparative losses that we are suffering now pale in comparison. Also, if you wish to look at the comparative risks if we do not confront terrorist organizations in their staging areas, how many people could die as a result of weapons of mass destruction at some point in the not too distant future? Granted, we must also do other things besides confronting them in places like Afghanistan, such as controlling our borders and using intelligence work around the world and hunting them down all over the world. Add into it the disruption of their financial connections.

But then again, there are the John Edwards of the world that simply think the "war on terror" is nothing more than a slogan, or an excuse to do anything we desire to do. I don't know where you stand on that, but as we've already discussed, I think confronting them is a better strategy than sitting back and waiting to be hit, which is what we did before 911. The Clinton administration treated it as a law enforcement problem, and we see how that worked.
</post>
<post author="Setanta" datetime="2007-06-12T15:36:00" id="p103">
I didn't retract anything. Are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up?

Certainly far more people died fighting in the Second World War, that's a no-brainer--were fighting 30 times as many enemies, and over tens of thousands of miles of the globe--From China to Germany, the long way around.

Your argument assumes that Iraq was or is a staging area for terrorists. That may be true, but if it is, it is because we have created the situation, because there was absolutely no evidence in 2002-2003 that Iraq was or ever had been a staging area for terrorist attacks on the United States. Following your line of thinking, we are now less safe than we were in 2002, because we have created a terrorist staging area, in your terms.

As for the rest of it, don't try to involve me in your witless conservative propaganda screeds.
</post>
