<post author="Wilso" datetime="2007-05-13T04:14:00" id="p14">
The dose you described for zoloft is a low one.
</post>
<post author="margo" datetime="2007-05-22T21:41:00" id="p15">
The 0.5mg of clonazepam is the standard starting dose.

As Snood says - it's a sedative and can be addictive.

Your recommended starting dose of Zoloft is very low - so don't expect great things at that dose. There's often some irritating side effectss to start - but these go away! It's not addictive, but a certain percentage need to taper off slowly - so it's usually suggested that everyone does.

You should be discussing these issues with your doctor - some people need help, and drugs are only one way.
</post>
<post author="ossobuco" datetime="2007-05-23T00:23:00" id="p16">
I'm ignorant of all the compounds ascribed to work.

Mostly I have applauded a lot of them, via hearsay, especially zoloft for my
101 year old aunt (long story.)

On the other hand, I just read (and I suppose I saved the article) re how hard it is to get off this stuff.

Given that getting off is any kind of question, I'd go for low dosage, watch and wait.
</post>
<post author="yitwail" datetime="2007-05-23T02:38:00" id="p17">
pretty much second what snood said. long term use of an ssri leads to tolerance, so you need to increase the dose to maintain the same effect, and if you decide to quit, you have to taper off, rather than stop abruptly.

it's standard practice to start taking ssri at a dose so low that there may not be much psychological effect (excluding placebo effects that is). but this is wise IMO because if you start with a full dose the side effects might not be tolerable. again, as snood pointed out, there are many ssri alternatives; i've taken a couple of them myself. it so happens i could tolerate the ones i was prescribed, but many people can't.

on the other hand, i have no experience with benzodiazeprines, but my impression is that they're powerful substances, so it might be wise to put them aside for emergency use.

finally, good luck flushd, and keep us posted.
</post>
<post author="Chai" datetime="2007-05-23T05:22:00" id="p18">
Zoloft literally saved my life flushd....it also gave me back such a huge portion of my life that I'm forever grateful the drug was developed.

I've spoken before about my anxiety attacks here, so won't go into detail expect to say they were daily and were preventing me from having any sort of life.

I was given the same dosage to start, 25mg to increase to 50mg hold there if it worked, or increase, etc.

I am extrememly sensitive to any kind of drug, and was frightened to take a "whole" 25mg, so the phychiatrist said for me to split them for a day or two, then proceed....anything to get me over my resistance and started on the med.

Anxiety, physically, is your body raping itself of its seritonin. It uses up all your seritonin, looks for more, which you can't produce fast enough, so you become anxious/panic. It was important for me to know this as I could visualize the battle going on and how I could fix it. Zoloft is a SRRI - Seritonin Reuptake Inhibitor. It creates a block, a wall between the cells so one cell can only take so much seritonin at one time, and allows the other cells to produce a normal stockpile....now this is not medical talk of course, but it helped me.

I was warned my anxiety might actually Increase temporarily, as my body was trying to grab the seritonin, and couldn't get it, and freaked out.

Don't worry, that's temporary. Then, you will start to normalize, and remember what it is like to relax, concentrate and enjoy things you had cut out of your life.

Fact is, when I split that 25mg pill for a few days, I felt weird for a couple days, a little dizzy once in a while, a little jumpy, then felt fine, increased to 25, then 37.5, then 50, etc.
Somewhere in the beginning, like at 25, I experienced my last panic attack, which I feel was induced by the increase, since it happened in the middle of the night....I'll be honest, I wanted to chuck the whole thing then, but thank God I didn't. After that, everything started to improve.

Personally, I'd say don't worry about the flat affect side effect they talk about. I went through a time, a few weeks where nothing bothered me, nothing excited me as far as happiness, but internally, I was a walking cacoon of contentment. I thought of it as my "Zoloft Holiday". I in NO WAY felt drug, I just was feeling this huge relief of being able to sleep, eat a meal, and interact with others. Soon enough, when your body recovers, you'll be the person you used to be, but new and improved.

I've been on a maintenance dosage of 150mg for 4 or 5 years. I have no desire to taper off since my anxiety comes from roots from decades ago, and I don't think my body could ever regulate myself properly. When I've forgotten a dose here or there, I can feel it.

Important for me to note...the Zoloft is not drugging me, it's correcting a chemical imbalance in my brain.

Hope I didn't bore you flushd, but I thought relating a personal story might help you.

Yes, discuss with your physician, and I can undertand your hesitation, but it can be a really really good thing.
</post>
