<post author="lallysmum" datetime="2011-04-25T16:05:00" id="p17">
Whether your mum would prefer to live with you or not, you need to think very carefully as to whether you can offer the level of care she needs.

Despite the carer's who would come in to help, it is still a massive tie on your life and freedom, and I say this as someone who has been caring full time for her mother for the last 10 years.

If your mother is happy in her own home, and the caring provision is all set up and adequate, I'd think about leaving her there and you popping over a few times a day. If it's no longer viable to have her home alone, I would consider a nursing home, *unless* you feel able to properly be there for her 24 hours a day.. without HER money for you to live on.

If I could go back 10 years, I would have made a very different decision, that's not to say I don't love my mother, I do, but full time care is not an easy thing to provide. I am, hopefully, going to have my first holiday in 10 years this summer as she will be going into respite (fingers firmly crossed, not tempting any forms of fate here) for 8 days. And that will be literally the first time I have had more than 5 hours to myself in all that time. Even when she is in hospital I am the first port of call for the doctors, nurses, my mother if she gets more confused. Even when I shop for an hour I get at least 3 phone calls from her. I get no more than three hours uninterrupted sleep at a time. I have NO social life. My children (15 and 4) get very few days out or time away from it. Obviously I am painting a worst case scenario picture, but you really do have to consider everything.

When I first started this, her doctor told me she had a couple of years at most to live. I wanted to show her the care that she showed me when I was a child. That was 10 years ago, I am 33 now, and have no real prospects for decent employment when the worst happens, and don't have the sort of life most people my age do. But she's my mum, and I love her, so it's what I do.

Just think very, very carefully to what you will be committing to.
</post>
<post author="Caroline_a" datetime="2011-04-25T18:28:00" id="p18">
Please think carefully. I looked after my dad, although i was working fulltime during this period, luckily very close to home. Within a period of 4 years he went from being a sprightly old man, into a very frail old man who fell over regularly, spent periods in hospital when they would assess him as suitable to be at home without seeing our stairs, let alone the rest of the house. He finally recognised that I couldnt look after him any more and we chose a beautiful care home for him. I couldnt care less about the money, it was about the home itself. Unfortunately he died in his sleep 24 hours after he moved in, but it could have been very different had we done it earlier when he would have had 24 hour professional care.

It was a huge strain, caring for him, and all my kids had left home, so i had no pressures from that side. If I had to do it all again, I'd talk to him about a care home a lot earlier. And when it comes to my turn i have told my girls that I want them to find me a nice care home and get on with their own lives.
</post>
