<post author="Phantom_X" datetime="2011-12-18T11:06:00" id="p43">
<quote orig_author="littleone271">
I'm not a racist but I feel like we're being completely taken over sometimes and I think we're pushovers.

When we go abroad to muslim countries we have to cover ourselves up, yet when muslims are over here (a christian country) they get to wear whatever they like and walk around with their identity completely hidden despite the problems we've had with terrorism and the fact that hoodies are often disallowed in shopping centres.
because the law mandates you to do so. Besides, last time I went to Dubai, I saw English women in swimsuits drinking on the beach- second, why on earth are you picking on the niqab- something that a tiny % of women actually wear, and compare it to hoodies? It is much more likely that a gang of kids wearing hoodies are more likely to shop lift or actively intimidate- hence their ban. Its also why Jainists are not banned from shopping centres. Finally, not wearing a niqab does not prevent terrorism. Part of being a terrorist is blending into your background- a Niqab does the exact opposite.

There are black/asian people in this country who think it's ok to say "I don't like white people" and there have been some seriously shocking cases lately.

Why aren't these black or asian people not allowed to think or say it ? We often go beserk when a white male or female is criticised for it ? Regardless, it is racism, and quite often it is dealt with as such.

I read one on here actually about a white girl who was called a 'white slag' and viciously attacked by a group of somalian muslims. They beat her up really bad (completely unprovoked) but were let off because the argument was that they were drunk and as they're muslim they aren't used to alcohol.

the women got suspended sentences (which is common for these types of cases) and were punished. The Daily Mail hyped it up a lot before the legal hearing papers are even published.

Reading that made me want to scream with frustration and it's things like this that fuel racism.

I don't actually care if they were born here to be honest. Racism towards white people should be taken just as seriously as racism towards black people is. It is predominantly a white country so what makes them think it's ok to come over to our country and say they don't like us? Let alone attacking us purely because we're white!
By your logic, ethnic people should automatically bow to you because your ethnic demographic is the majority ? Do you not see how that thinking is flawed? I agree they shouldn't attack you, but you cant just demand respect.

Sorry but no matter how old they are, if they're in the UK and being racist towards white people then I think they should be sent home or to where their parents are from.

So they should be sent back to somalia etc to become a soldier/killed because they said nasty things about you ? Ok then....

</quote>

Some ok points, most of it was just silly though
</post>
<post author="punkrockisfreedom" datetime="2011-12-18T11:28:00" id="p44">
My problem with the idea of a loss of 'british culture' is that there is no static concept of what british culture actually is. All cultures change over time and in response to immigration e.g. so that now going for a curry and a pint is considered a british thing to do, and if you watched that latest Jamie Oliver programme apparently all of the food we consider to be traditionally british comes from immigrants. So if you want to go back to a completely british culture you'd probably have to go back and adopt tudor culture or something...

I'm not saying that we should just lie down and let everyone who wants to come here in, regardless of whether or not they will work etc. But I am sceptical of arguments based on the fact migrants shouldn't be allowed in because they are somehow erroding our culture...
</post>
