<post author="patiodog" datetime="2003-11-24T15:25:00" id="p126">
Simply meant that execution is, in itself, barbarism.

Three reasons I can see to use it:

1) Retribution

Which, while I understand the motivation, is not a power I want granted to the state, especially not to the point of taking a life.

2) Deterrence

I'm not the least bit convinced that execution is any more of a deterrent than life in prison. China executes around a thousand people a year, and yet they still find more people committing these same crimes. What gives?

3) Economics.

The argument that execution is cheaper than incarceration is bogus unless we eliminate the right to appeal, in which case we subvert our entire legal system. And if capital punishment is inherently barbarous (which, as far as I'm concerned, it is), then affordability as a determinant is doubly so.
</post>
<post author="Craven de Kere" datetime="2003-11-24T15:30:00" id="p127">
patiodog,

I agree without reservation. I too find capital punishment barbaric and vengeful.

I am of the opinion that vengance should never be a part of a justice system.

But there are those who disagree with me, and to say that they must support barbarism not because capital punishment is barbarism but because they support deterrence and deterrence in the extreme must be condoned in any form or by a hypocrite is a horse of a different color.

Joe was not arguing that they need to stop supporting capital punishment to avoid being a foolish hypocrite. He was saying they need to support the most barbaric method of execution possible.

To support this he contends that more barbarism is more of a deterrent so all who wish to deter must deter in said extreme manner.

Calling capital punishment hypocritical is an argument behind which I stand. Calling someone a hypocrite for not being on the very extreme of their side of the aisle is what I disagree with.
</post>
<post author="Frank Apisa" datetime="2003-11-24T15:44:00" id="p128">
I disagree with the notions some have asserted that capital punishment is inherently barbaric.

In fact, I think a reasonable case could be argued that it is the more humane punishment of the two options being advocated here.

I am not at all convinced that putting a person into prison with no chance of parole is less barbaric than putting that person out of his/her misery via execution.

And I do not see how advocating less violent -- less painful methods of execution -- can be seen as hypocritical.

The issue society is dealing with here reduces to keeping the offending people from doing whatever it is they did to warrant capital punishment.

Death does that job more efficiently than any other method.
</post>
