<post author="NabilKhan" datetime="2012-01-23T17:22:00" id="p263">
<quote orig_author="nicknick1">
If you support the EDL or BNP you're missing a few braincells. Such people aren't capable of rational thought and only understand violence.

I speak only of the BNP not the EDL. Your argument seems to be missing a few brain cells as it does not seem to be formed of rational thought, only prejudice. Maybe you would like to explain why the BNP is not capable of rational thought. Do you know what the BNP's policies even are? Have you read their manifesto?

Taylor Gang wrote "I'd rather have a hard working immigrant who goes to work at 8 am and comes back at 5 pm to his family then a chav scumbag who sits on his arse all day spending OUR money "

I see so, rather than get the British chav people back to work and develop British manufacturing so we a. solve our balance of payments/ debt problems and and stop making China current account deficits year after year and b. solve social problems by turning the welfare hellholes with drug dealing, knife &amp; drug crime back into productive places where people have jobs (which they once were before cultural marxism introduced benefits currently at £2,000 per month), instead of importing labour so the state pays for a Brit to do nothing, and subsidises a foreigner who is low paid. You don't want to tackle this problem then, do just want to keep perpetuating it then? And is that supposed to be rational? I put it to you that you Sir, with your attitude are part of Britain's decline.

</quote>

You dont understand his post. Do you think incorporating the BNP's policies will make the 'chav' work? No. The 'chav' isnt bothered now, and wont be bothered when theres no immigrants around, just a slight change in scenery. There IS work around; just jobs that people arent prepared to take since claiming benefits is easier than sweeping streets or cleaning dishes. If they did take up these jobs, they wouldnt have such a bad reputation.
</post>
<post author="TaylorGang_4" datetime="2012-01-23T17:27:00" id="p264">
<quote orig_author="nicknick1">
TaylorGang wrote "These chavs are counter-productive. It would be impossible to regenerate them into civilised citizens again. The have no work ethic, no morales or values. Where I live the council funded a local project to regenerate old houses in a certain housing estate in the town, within a month these new houses were literally destroyed by the same people that lived in them. What civilised human being would do that to their own home?.... the British people are responsible for Britian's decline. "

I agree with your observations and understand why you feel the way you do, however I don't think that there is such a thing as "beyond saving". There is perhaps a lost generation in a section of society, but that is not to say that a future generation cannot be saved. There needs to be a strong right wing effort to save these people. There needs to be tough love, what some people would call fascism because extreme measures would need to be taken. For example one thing I proposed to Iain Duncan Smith was Export Processing Zones, i.e. taking away benefits and giving them the option to work assembling goods for Reebok, Nike or Dell, and this would be subsidised by the State for the benefit of reviving Britain’s manufacturing industry and improving the trade deficits/ debt situation. Or one could just remove benefits and encourage high quality high specification manufacturing (like Rolls Royce Aircraft engine dept.). There have been too many carrots for doing nothing and no sticks for doing something bad. As soon as this landscape changes, people will react because human beings will do what they need to do to survive. But it will take politicians with some gumption to change this, and the current lot have no gumption, and the brainwashed communists don't want this because for ideological reasons they regard welfare hellholes with drugs and crime as "progress" (all they can do is say what they are anti and "no passar" but they have no solutions, and they cannot even debate sensibly without degerating a dicussion into a circus with sware words, labels and symbols.). We need a British vision and we need people with conviction to stand by it, not scared politicians pandering to "political correctness" like we have now.

</quote>

Every country in the world needs immigrants to function. America was evolved from immigrants and is one of the most superior countries in the world. My opinion is that the BNP have no place in our society and I will always stick with that opinion no matter what.
</post>
