<post author="mutter" datetime="2011-06-03T02:41:00" id="p27">
I feel SO sad for you.
My own mum died last October, in what sounds like very similar circumstances to yours, right down to donating her corneas.
She was also exceptionally well cared for in hospital for the week before she finally passed away.

Six months on, I can barely remember what happened in the 10 days between her death and the funeral. I don't know if one blocks it out, or if it's just because everything feels so unreal at the time, and your heart and mind are so totally overwhelmed by it all that it doesn't sink in the way that normal things do.

My mum was disabled for the last 10 years of her life and I visited her every day to cook and clean and see to the garden. She wasn't an easy person to get on with, she'd suffered with depression off and on for her whole life. She hated being dependent and her circumstances made her bitter and sometimes very hurtful, but even so, I never missed a day and only worked part time so I could see to her.

It left an enormous gap in my life and in my routine when she went, and it's one I still haven't really managed to fill. The practical things have all been taken care of, but I'm left with a 3 or 4 hour hole in my day. My work hasn't been able to offer me more hours so far, my kids are pretty much off my hands, and I'm left wondering what happened to the last 10 years. I still miss her terribly, even though there were times when I felt I never wanted to see her again.

While she was more or less housebound, she would really have benefitted from having more contact with people outside the family, and I wonder if you've thought of visiting elderly people who are in that sort of situation? I think Age UK run befriending schemes.
It's something worth thinking about, but I'd suggest you give yourself a bit of time to lick your wounds before you throw yourself into anything requiring any emotional effort.

If finances hadn't been such an issue for me, I'd have loved to have just gone away somewhere for a week or two to get a break from all the usual, familiar people and places. I think it would have helped me draw a line between the traumatic events of her death and funeral and marked the start of my learning to deal with life without mum.

In the end, you'll 'get over' it - whatever that means.
You'll get on with your life and do all the stuff you've got to do, but yes, there's a big hole inside, and it doesn't go away very quickly.
</post>
<post author="Blue Monkey" datetime="2011-06-03T05:32:00" id="p28">
I'm so sorry to hear of your losses, MoS and Bogof.

One thing that really struck me was your need to phone your mum. That must be so sad, but I wonder if you can write 'to her' instead? Perhaps jotting down conversations or chats will help with your grieving and make you feel like you're communicating with her. Sorry if this sounds silly, but it's the first thing that sprung to my mind when I read how you wanted to ring her.

Look after yourself now and surround yourself with other loved ones. Don't worry about your routine right now, those things have a way or sorting themselves.

Take care, BM x
</post>
