<post author="hawkeye10" datetime="2008-08-24T11:10:00" id="p26">
@firefly,

Firefly, aging is an assault upon the ego, as we lose independence, mobility, and as chronic pain sets in. Some people master the aging process however, let go of their ego ways enough that they can enjoy these years. Check out Ram Dass in "Still here" Riverhead Books, 2000. Meds only help a bit with this, the primary tool needed is a healthy outlook on life in general and aging in particular.
</post>
<post author="firefly" datetime="2008-08-24T12:21:00" id="p27">
@hawkeye10,

Oh, I agree completely, hawkeye. A healthy outlook on life is essential--at any age. Any pre-existing personality problems are simply likely to intensify as we get older and are confronted with more and more challenges, obstacles, and losses.

That's why I know that, in part, some of my mother's problems are due to her personality make-up, and how she has always coped with change, and not just due to the stress of advanced aging.

You really do have to let go of parts of yourself, and change your image of yourself, as aging takes it's toll. But, by the time you are in your 90's, I think that most people have learned to weather those assaults on one's ego. They couldn't have survived that long if they didn't do that. But everyone may have a breaking point, a final indignity or loss that is just too much to bear. And, certainly when you are over 90, your emotional stamina for coping with things may really be wearing down.

When I look at my mother, I still see a reasonably vital woman with the physical and mental abilities, and energy, to enjoy a very good quality of life, if only she would be willing to make some changes and push herself out of the house, and fight her depression a little more.

However, my mother keeps saying to me, "You don't understand what it's like to be 94". And she is right. I don't know what that is like. Her doctors don't know what's that like either. Once in a blue moon, she will run into another person in their 90's, but it's pretty infrequent. A lot of the time she feels like an oddity, or a curiosity, because she is so much older than everyone else in just about every situation she is in, even if no one else actually knows her age (and she looks considerably younger than she is).

I don't know what it feels like to have lived for 94 years. I don't know what a 94 year old body or brain feels like, even if they are in pretty good shape. I don't know what it's like to have to leave a job I loved, or stop driving my car, because I just couldn't keep up anymore, and my abilities were failing. I don't have to experience an enormous, daily gap between what I would like to do, and what I am able to do. I don't know what kind of emotional and physical stamina one must muster to keep going at 94.

I do have to cope with my own age-related problems--in my case, chronic severe back pain--but I do not feel my essential personhood dimished by such things. My mother has reached a point where she feels less of a person, where the person she was is rapidly ebbing away, and some of this is due to neurological changes in her brain. That's not just an ego assault, it really is the final blow of very advanced age. I'm not sure that one can have a healthy outlook about that sort of thing. At best, I think one can only deal with it by resignation, and, if possible, some humor. Fortunately, my mother's sense of humor is still alive and kicking.

Apart from giving my mother support, encouragement, etc. I try to let her make her own decisions about things. I did not insist she stop driving, for instance, the final decision was hers. I'm not insisting she consider an assisted living facility, although I can see where such a situation might have some advantages for her. I'm more than willing to care for her and to make sure that her life is as good as it can be. I respect her enough to not deprive her of her dignity and independence any more than what mother nature is already doing to her.

So, hawkeye, I'm not really sure that any of us can really tell a 94 year old what a healthy outlook on life should be. I'm more inclined to think we should focus on trying to learn from the extremely elderly, since they have weathered this trip longer than we have, and they must be doing something right. It's also the best way for us to prepare for our own advanced years.
</post>
