<post author="*Louise*" datetime="2010-03-15T16:34:00" id="p18">
Your situation sounds very similar to my mum and sister, they barely get along. My mum did start the problem, but even though she apologised, after 10 years my sister still holds a massive grudge about it and will kick off a problem now and then. The rest of us don't get involved or take sides, we all just try and maintain an even keel.

However, in your situation, the fact that most members of your family are willing to hide things from you (including your OWN mother) says more to me than just your daughter not speaking to you. We only have your side of the story, but to me there has to be more to it.

Not that I'm asking you to tell us - I just think that if the situation is this bad, then perhaps family counselling is the way to go, because this runs deeper than two people.

With regards to the theatre - you have already said you would take her, so unless you want things to deteriorate further, I would still have the intention of going. If it was me, I would contact her asking her to confirm she still wanted to go.....if she says no, or doesn't answer then at least no one can blame you for any more problems. (Or use it as an excuse not to speak to you again)

I really hope you can get things sorted.
</post>
<post author="newcook" datetime="2010-03-15T17:02:00" id="p19">
I wouldn’t take her to the theatre – I don’t care if it was meant to have been part of an xmas present! The way she is acting/behaving, santa should have bought her a lump of coal!!!

I suggest the same as another poster and when she asks about going say that as you hadn’t heard from her you thought she no longer wanted to go.

People – no matter what the relation – need to know that they cannot treat others like carp and expect to receive gifts/treats
</post>
<post author="Kay Peel" datetime="2010-03-15T20:15:00" id="p20">
Your daughter must have so much bitterness and resentment in her heart. Even though she has told you that she over-reacted and that a line had been drawn in the sand, the underlying cause of her hurt has not been laid to rest. Possibly, she is having second thoughts about letting you off so easily. Her failure to respond to your messages is evidence that she is still brooding and still wants to punish you.

I presume that you've said sorry to her for the real or imaginary damage that you were responsible for - whatever it was. And even with an apology, your daughter hasn't forgiven you and still feels the need to crush your hopes of a true reconciliation.

I would avoid at all costs the use of Facebook, email, texts and other non-personal means of communication. They are very poor substitutes for real face to face conversations. Personally, I would turn up at her doorstep with a sleeping bag and tell her that I wasn't leaving until we had raked over the past and buried it.

It's time for you to face the music, I feel.
</post>
