<post author="whenelephantsfly" datetime="2010-03-14T20:38:00" id="p1">
My 19 YO DD stopped speaking to me for 2 years. Just like that. I tried to get in contact with her everyone said they had not heard from her and she had no landline number and mobile just rang out. If I asked the rest of my family had heard from her they would say no.

Last year, while not speaking, I found out that she was at my sisters and the whole family did not tell me because it was 'a secret'. I have a brother and sister that do not speak to me and they think this was a brilliant way to get back at me (believe it or not!!).

Someone emailed me and told me she was 'in town', I asked my mother and younger sister if they knew and they lied. My brother went balisitic at the person he thought told me she was visting as 'it was none of my business'. I was devasted they could lie about something as important as that and have since not had a great deal of contact with my family since, my sister is due to get married but I cannot face going because of the humiliation of what they have done to me and that my whole family knows.

Eventually spoke to DD and said I wanted to speak/see her. Initially she said no because I would just 'go on about it' [why we was no speaking] and I promised I would not, a line would be drawn under it and we could move forward. I was true to my word.

A few weeks later we met and she apologised because everything was her fault and that she had blown thing out of proportion and that she was sorry. I was surprised but said it was fine and as promised a line would be drawn under things and we could start again.

However, since then it goes like this: I sent her money for her birthday - I got a thank you by FB message. I sent her lots of Xmas presents - I got a thank you 5 days later and her phone was unavailable all over Xmas. I tried to call and there was no answer. She later said she had 'lost' her mobile but did not tell me the new number, I could not call or text since Xmas and she recently gave me the number. I never got a birthday or Xmas card, let alone anything else.

And today is Mothers Day. No text or email, no call, no card. Nothing. Surely it is not too much to ask for, if we are re-bulding bridges that she could just send a text to say Happy Mothers Day? It is not selfish of me to think that is it?

I am feeling really let down and disappointed and wondered where I go from here as I am really trying but I am getting nothing back.

Here is the biggie though, for part of her Xmas present I said I would take her to the theatre. However, I feel like I am being taken for a mug as this particular show is very expensive and I would be paying for someone to come with me who really is not interested in going with me only wants what she can get from me. And that really hurts and I've had enough.

Does anyone have any advice for me, please as I do not know which way to turn at the moment. Should I give her longer before booking and should I be honest as to why or should I just book it anyway?
</post>
<post author="Person_one" datetime="2010-03-14T20:40:00" id="p2">
Why did she stop speaking to you originally?
</post>
<post author="whenelephantsfly" datetime="2010-03-14T20:42:00" id="p3">
She told me that she texted me and I did not reply..... that is it apparently. She told me she was sorry because she blew things out of proportion.

:confused:
</post>
<post author="Person_one" datetime="2010-03-14T20:46:00" id="p4">
Have you considered going to see a counsellor to help to help you talk through your feelings about your relationship with your daughter? You can't fix the situation on your own but a professional might be able to help you come to terms with things so that you feel able to keep the door open as it were, without suffering the emotional roller coaster every time things go awry.
</post>
<post author="sazzybum" datetime="2010-03-14T20:47:00" id="p5">
I'm sorry when. Please don't think this sounds harsh....but we only have your side of the story. Who knows what has happened in the past, or what your DD has been told by others.

I know my ex thought he had done nothing wrong but telling his estranged son to 'rot in hell' because he had missed a few phone calls-was wrong-although I held my tongue.

Is there anything at all that might have caused this you think? Anything? You know what teenagers are like, they pick up on anything.

From my experience, all you can do is keep sending the cards, keep sending the presents....and yes-book the theatre. If she doesn't go-take a friend! Please do everything you can, even though it feels as if it's not appreciated.

Thinking of you-please keep us updated. x
</post>
