<post author="beginningtohatexmas" datetime="2011-03-13T22:46:00" id="p88">
sorry had to reply to gigglepigs post -
I think asking him to explain his 'disgust' etc is probably the worst thing you can do. its about control and giving him the opportunity to twist the knife further will make the OP feel much worse.
he is an adult - his mum did what she though was the best thing by him at the time - none of us are perfect parents, but neither can we change our mistakes - or solve them through a 'sudo' therapy session chaired by other family members

I'm in similar situation to the OP - haven't spoken to my DS since sept last year - the last texts i had from him were similar to the texts OP recieved from her son. yes i hope one day he will grow up to realise he is the fool for rejecting his family, however,on a day to day basis once i realised how much more pleasent my house is without the constant worry of his behaviour, it became much easier to deal with.
</post>
<post author="Jojo the Tightfisted" datetime="2011-03-14T01:03:00" id="p89">
A lot of alcoholics and/or drug addicts are like this...they demonise people in order to justify their behaviours. 'I'm like this because my parents were too strict/didn't care/smothered me/left me to make mistakes/gave me everything/gave me nothing...blah blah blah' It absolves them of their responsibility for their decisions and puts obstacles in the way of getting better.

when they have rare moments of clarity, they may slip and let the parent know how they really feel, but all too soon, the abusive user is back, turning on the ones who have cared for them most, as they haven't been able to provide money. A previous history of drinking himself into hospital makes it more likely that he has now gone onto the partly legal trail of oblivion. The law is obviously less than important to him as well, as he was prepared to break the law when underage, so drugs are possible for that reason as well.

If I were a betting person, I would be prepared to put money on him asking for money because he either a) owed shedloads for spliff/Es/Colombian marching powder and wash s**tting a brick because he had these debts to settle before an enforcer bashed on the door or b) has spent every penny on beer/spliff/Es/Marching powder/Fags/Nasty cheap vodka and was beginning to shake, sweat and see flashing lights, so was desperate to get cash to stop withdrawal.

The grandparents are daft enough to fall for the 'I'm just tired/Mum is mean to me' as they are unlikely to link the adorable 3 old they see when they look at him with the aggressive drunk or pinned eye junkie putting on his best behaviour to wheedle the odd £40 to £80 out of them. I'd also be interested to know whether they have checked their valuables recently or whether they have disappeared without warning after his visits.

If he is an addict, then he will tear you, his sister, his brother, your parents, his girlfriends, everyone into little pieces just so long as he gets to make it all about poor little him. He will be charm itself to the more gullible family members who are prepared to overlook the most obvious things because they value seeing a half dead junkie zombie above all else. At the moment, you are the only one smart enough to stand firm and he doesn't like that one bit.

I am sorry but there is nothing you can do to help - if he is an addicted knobhead, then nothing will stop that until he decides that it isn't what he wants to do anymore.
</post>
