<post author="Izzie" datetime="2010-10-30T17:59:00" id="p12">
@loren31,

Hey Loren

It is very difficult, especially with a young family.

I would recommend you get these enterology tests done -(these could come back negative and inidcating IBS - which isn't wholly helpful because it does mean a change in eating habits, dealing with stress etc... this could be caused by the fact you have a lot of pain to deal with i.e. your joints, back pain etc, and especially the fatigue.

If the enterologist does not come up with a definitive dx, then ask him to refer you to a rheumatologist (you call them immunologists in the USA). Ask specifically for the ESR and PV tests which will indicate "itis" - inflammation going on somewhere - ie arthritis, SLE, ulceritis - anything with an 'itis' going on with the parameters we've talked about here.

RA/SLE - specific test - Rheumatoid factor (you can have RA without the factor) and anti-DNA and antiRNA tests. There are important. The C4 test you were talking about may include the usual tests I have here - CRP (reactive protein), AST (Liver Function Test) and ALK (alk phospate) - these are strong indicators for inflammatory arthritis type symptons and connective tissue disease, incorporating SLE. Also the base RBC, WBC neutrophils, eosinophils etc. (bog standard blood tests). The first mentioned are very specific tests and "pretty routine" - all they need to do is take a few extra vials (mine are 8 at a time).

Other than that, I would really push for reassurance about the chest pains... that would be my priority if I were you... You haven't described the pain, could these be anxiety pains... worrying about what's wrong. Whatever it is, you need to see someone soon about that.

with your diet and bloating - try cutting down on your carbs - bread, pasta, cereals with wheat, bread... that sort of thing... dairy produce... try maybe for a couple weeks and see if it makes a difference. Carbs make a huge difference to IBS if that what it could be. (sorry if this comes over as preaching - don't mean it to sound that way)

I'm here a lot of the time and there are many posters with experience in various symptoms to glean information from. Just talk when you wish to.

Don't accept the doctor saying "don't know what the answers are"... you have quite specific symptoms that sound all too familiar... so try and push them - have a list of questions to ask them and be strong, look them direct in the face and wait for them to answer. Maybe if your partner/hubby can go with and he can "back up what you're sayng" to the doc and to basically, hold your hand - give you a little strenght. If not, a friend. Anyone who you are comfortable with and supported by to accompany you and who can also ask questions if you are struggling to say what happens when you get sick- it's sometimes better when there is a back up so it doesn't sound like your whole body is falling apart and being whiney - someone independent can tell it like it is to the doc.

I know too well the looks I get when I am always sick... in fact, people are so bored of my umpteenth surgeries etc, it's now easier not to discuss it (tho I whine with folk here). Somehow, you have to find a place inside your head that says - "unless you are well, you cannot look after the kids to the best of your ability, the way you wish to and it's hard for partner/hubby too" - therefore YOU must be well, you must put your health needs first, so you can then do everything/some things that are expected of you as partner/mom/daughter/sister/ etc.... TAKE CARE OF YOU FIRST -then you will be stronger for them.

Do remain calm - and if you wanna talk... carry on. Also, I know I said it before - but keep a positive focus that this will not beat you - do all that you can when you can, and when the fatigue cracks you - no matter what - you have to rest. OK.... give it a go until you see the doctor (it may seem selfish and believe me, with kids and partner, the guilt you feel is the worst - BUT YOU MUST NOT LET IT!

Sending you strength and best healing wishes. Take care.
</post>
<post author="ossobuco" datetime="2010-10-30T18:22:00" id="p13">
@Izzie,

Small quibble, Iz. I ran a clinical lab and later was supe in a research lab for the rheumatology department at a university in the US, and much of the work we did could be described as immunology. The docs were, as a generalization, rheumatologists, some also phDs in this and that, one a researching orthopedist, one a hematologist as well. But the board certs were primarily in rheumatology.

Later I worked at a major clinical lab for immunology - the owner was a rheumatologist and phD.
I am behind the times on the laboratory aspects, so I have no useful comments on present days testing.

I'm glad Loren has had a chance to talk with both JPB and Izzie. Good smart women.

I suppose I could be wrong, heaven forfend, re board certs in immunology. I'm quibbling from my days of yore.
</post>
<post author="Izzie" datetime="2010-10-30T18:27:00" id="p14">
@ossobuco,

Thanks for clarifying that Osso. Yep, in Boston I was with a rheumatologist and when we moved to CA I was transferred to an immunologist at Stanford Uni - mainly coz I was real sick then but also undergoing IVF treatment in San Jose.

Yep yep, you're quite correct. Rheums can and should be able to do all the tests I said above for sure, if they deem it necessary. That's who, if she can get the referral, whom she should aks to see.

Grazie - hope you had a lovely day Osso. x
</post>
