<post author="mamamisch" datetime="2010-10-12T10:46:00" id="p12">
Quote:
<quote orig_author="Me-Jeff-and-AJ">
I was bullied in school. Right up until just I got into highschool, and even a little during. I was tormented every single day until I finally got fed up with everything and started beating the shit out of the kids who were constantly picking on me. My brother had it much worse than I did... probably only because he was my brother, and the kids who picked on me had younger siblings his age... so he got it from the kids who picked on me AND his classmates. He even got a death threat once... the bully said that if he said anything to anyone, they'd come and beat him to death. He believed them and literally feared for his life at school to the point where his grades plummeted from 90-95% to his lowest low of 15%, he stopped bathing, stopped eating, and basically just shut down completely. My mother pulled him out of school during that horrible HORRIBLE time.

I think its unreasonable to expect a young child to endure physical and emotional torture 5 days a week for years.

The kids who commit suicide are the ones who are like my brother and I... the ones who arent JUST called fat or nerdy. They are the ones whose bullies literally beat them black and blue just because they can, while spitting on them, calling an 8 year old girl an east slut and a 6 year old boy a "gay retard"... EVERY SINGLE DAY and even getting phone calls at home. They are the ones who have nightmares about going to school... and said nightmares arent really dreams... they're memories plaguing them in their sleep. Counseling and Therapy doesnt always help... and neither does pulling the kid out of public school and putting them into a homeschool. I know because my brother got a letter in the mail from his tormentors once.. "you suck your moms titties and fuck your sister in her ass you sick homo" (this particular letter was sent from a GIRL!!). Being the first kid to get off of the school bus gave pretty much anyone and everyone who wanted to bully us our home address... and since we were on the native reserve.. we all had the same postal code.. easy as hell to mail letters like this.

My mother did one kind thing for us when it got to its peak (I came home with a black eye, broken nose, and a few chunks of my long beautiful hair cut out of it with scissors, my brother had a concussion from having his head slammed against a doorframe and hung by his shirt in a bathroom stall)... we moved 3 and a half hours away from the reserve we were on, and we started fresh in a new school in a new city. The entire time we were tortured... my mom made phone calls, made visits to the parents' houses, had conferences with the schools, and even went so far as to drive to these kids' houses and rage on the parents, then scream at the kids. After a while... we stopped telling her what was going on because every time she tried to help us by calling the parents or showing up at school... it would get 10 times worse.

So for you to tell these kids to "suck it up"... you're wrong. Many are suffering in complete and total silence and they become ticking time bombs who either fantasize about killing either themselves or their bullies... or worse... they actually do it.
</quote>
Oh man! That is HARSH! I'm glad both you and your brother have survived it in good health...
</post>
<post author="mamamisch" datetime="2010-10-12T10:52:00" id="p13">
Quote:
<quote orig_author="mommy2Aubrielle12011">
I've seen many stories over the years about kids committing suicide after enduring years of bullying. Recently, I saw a story about a 13 year old boy who committed suicide because of bullying in school. If I remember correctly, the bullying started in elementary school and followed him from school to school.

Every time I see a story on this, this kids are getting younger and younger. It is just so sad to me. This child had his whole life ahead of him, and he ended it because of the disgusting cruelty of other children. I don't understand what drives a child to be so cruel and abusive.

This makes me so angry. I don't understand why the schools are not putting effective preventative measures into place. It seems like only after a child has committed suicide as a result of bullying that the schools are willing to do something about it.

What are your thoughts on this? What do you think the schools could do to prevent these situations from occurring?
</quote>
I think the teachers should keep an eye on the kids. Pay attention to who is made fun of, who is making the fun, etc. I think mostly it's quite obvious, especially in case of some hard-core bullying.

I think there should be some anti-bullying days in schools when the kids are told and shown that it's evil to bully others. Here in Sweden there are even anti-bullying TV commercials running during certain times of the day - when the kids can catch it.

There should be more done, that is for sure.

Also, parents share HUGE responsibility. Many parents will talk shit in front of their kids thinking the kid doesn't understand what they're talking about, but I think kids are very quick to understand when the parent himself/herself makes negative comments about certain groups of people/makes fun of them/etc.

I'd sit my kids down (if I had any) and ask them if they know of someone being bullied and how they feel about it, etc... I'd have a discussion about it with them and make it very clear it's unacceptable for them to partake in bullying.
</post>
