<post author="Merlin" datetime="2009-08-01T16:00:00" id="p52">
I think finally the two parties have to agree to talk and come to some settlement, for the good of the country. They may need a good mediator.

<a href="http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-07/31/content_11806794.htm">Thailand's political uncertainty may prolong economic slump</a>

<quote>
BANGKOK, July 31 (Xinhua) -- As the anti-government group gathered Friday in Thailand, the country's business sector worries that the political uncertainty may prolong the domestic economic downturn.

The United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship (UDD) group held a mass rally here as the last day of a signature campaign to support a royal pardon to be sought for ousted former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra.

The UDD group, which is also known as the red-shirted people, were rallying at Sanam Luang, the royal field square, in the center of capital Bangkok.

They plan to submit the pardon petition with at least a million names of people for Thaksin to the Office of His Majesty's Principal Private Secretary, probably on Aug. 7.

Thaksin was ousted by the military coup in September, 2006, in accusation of corruption, and has been kept in exile since then. Thaksin returned to Thailand in February last year to face corruption charges, but he later fled into exile again and was convicted in absentia.

The re-gathering by Thaksin's supporters is jittering several groups in the Thai society since the country's recent political chaos, which caused by the red-shirted people, resulted in the collapse of the ASEAN Summit and its related meetings in Thailand in mid-April.

Hence, during the first half of this year, the Japanese business sentiment towards Thailand deteriorated, according to the Japanese Chamber of Commerce (JCC), the Bangkok Post reported on Friday.

Japanese investors are the most active foreign investors in Thailand as their direct investments have largely contributed to Thailand's economic development.

The political crisis from April to May, which had affected sale revenues of a Thai leading direct sales company, Giffarine Skyline Unity Co, supports the JCC view.

Giffarine Skyline Unity said its sales in the first seven months of this year rose only 8 percent to 2.4 billion baht (70.5 million U.S. dollars), below its previous projection of 10 percent to 15 percent.

The recent political crisis had also largely affected the domestic tourism industry as the number of foreign tourists booking through travel agents during the first half of this year plunged by 38 percent to 867,267 year-on-year, the Association of Thai Travel Agents said on Thursday.

Moreover, the JCC said most Japanese investors have remained worried about Thailand's ongoing political turmoil, amid the continued impact of the world economic crisis.

In a recent survey among 1,291 members by the Japanese Chamber of Commerce from May 26 to June 26, it was discovered that the potential factors, which would affect the Thai economy over the next one to two years, include the domestic long-term political turmoil.

The Japanese Chamber of Commerce has conducted the biannual Japanese business sentiment in Thailand survey for 25 years as the latest survey was released on Thursday by the JCC......

But, currently Japanese companies in Thailand have to report the Thai political situation more often to their head offices, and this has probably affected their decision-making on new investments here, Yamada said.

Yamada also confirms some Japanese companies have already deferred new investment, or deferred investment for expansion, therefore he has warned that any prolonged political turmoil might eventually affect Japanese investments in Thailand.

Meanwhile, former Thai finance minister Virabongsa Ramangkura on Friday has echoed the JCC view as he has doubted over the Thai economic recovery....
</quote>
</post>
<post author="Merlin" datetime="2009-08-17T08:28:00" id="p53">
Another protest from Thanksin's supporters.

<a href="http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSTRE57G0V520090817">Thai "red shirts" rally, seek pardon for Thaksin</a>

<quote>
17 Aug BANGKOK (Reuters) - More than 20,000 supporters of former Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra rallied in the historic heart of Bangkok on Monday, seeking a royal pardon for the fugitive billionaire and illustrating a deep political divide.

Officials from the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship, known as the "red shirts," plan to give hundreds of boxes containing details of five million signatures to a representative of the king at the gate of Bangkok's Grand Palace....

Monday's rally was the latest big show of support for Thaksin since April, when the Thai military was brought in to end violent anti-government protests, demonstrating that his followers are steadily rebuilding momentum.

The demonstrators dispersed peacefully in April but vowed to keep up pressure to force Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to resign.

The petition asked 81-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej to allow Thaksin to return from exile a free man. Legal experts said there was little chance he would receive a pardon. Royalists said it had to be submitted in person or by a family member.

King Bhumibol, the world's longest-reigning monarch, is officially above politics but has intervened at times of crisis.

INVESTORS MONITOR UNREST
While the sight of thousands of protesters in a grassy square in front of the Grand Palace will probably add to the unease of tourists, a pillar of the Thai economy, investors in local stocks took solace at the lack of violence on Monday morning.....

But the rallies complicate the Oxford-educated Abhisit's efforts to end Thailand's first recession in a decade, underlining the difficulty of uniting a deeply polarized country and a fragile six-party coalition government.

The petition has outraged powerful royalists who support Abhisit and accuse Thaksin and his backers of insulting the revered monarch by trying to drag him into a political dispute.

Most commentators say the motive behind the petition is to highlight Thaksin's mass support and keep his movement alive.

Thaksin won landslide election victories in 2001 and 2005. He was found guilty of corruption last October and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison. He denies the charges and still commands a loyal following, especially among the poor in vote-rich rural areas.
</quote>
</post>
