<post author="Clayton Moore" datetime="2012-01-25T22:50:00" id="p361">
<quote orig_author="Scott Sommers">
I think this is a very interesting idea. It is conceptually linked to many of the points I have stated as to why various events are NOT conspiracy theories. Some of the most significant are,

1. Are these events for which the structure of participation is obvious once the event is identified?

2. Has the problem become structured so that it is a conspiracy theory?

3. Are these opinions separated by differences in attitude and value but not facts?

It seems that Watergate falls into category (1). I was 12 when Watergate occurred and am not well read on the events. My understanding is that there was some confusion in the beginning about the details of the break-in but once these were identified, it was clear who had to be responsible. My understanding is that there never was a long chain of denials. It was just obvious what had happened once the details were clear.

This whole thing about smoking is important because it illustrates how conspiracy theories get started. I am unaware of a time when people who actually had knowledge about tobacco and cancer believed this. The <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_effects_of_tobacco#History">Great Wiki</a> describes tells us,

While cigarette companies may have denied it, it was hardly a conspiracy. They were simply lying about something that informed people always knew about. If this is a conspiracy theory, then so is any health claim that turns out to be true or false. In fact, it makes me think that any scientific claim misunderstood by the public and misrepresented by anyone would also have to be a conspiracy theory.

In fact, there are people who believe hemp, laetrile, and Orgone energy can be used to cure cancer and that an Official Conspiracy Theory is hiding this. They use the example of tobacco as their version of 'proof' that they are correct. So at least some people agree with you.

The example of wartime rumours is quite interesting. It is analogous to the claims made by 9/11 Truth advocates. This is probably the example that is most problematic for me so far and I should think about it more before I say something. But why wait...this is the JREF...

In fact, the of wartime rumours as conspiracy theories is very useful in showing what I mean by a conspiracy theory.

Even after the war is over, it's hard to sort out what did and didn't happen a certain way. Would that mean that a conspiracy theory is just a rumour that's confusing and hard to sort out?

I tend to agree with this.

I don't know anything about astronomy and optics and as a result, I get very confused listening to lunar landing conspiracy stuff. If I were living in wartime Britain, I would be equally (un)informed about the secret plans of the Allied Powers to attack Normandy. Anything I hear could be convincing and even the fact of the invasion wouldn't help me addresses most of the claims I'd have heard about the invasion plans.

So is a conspiracy theory a rumour that is so technical in its details that almost no one can understand it's true? That would be one aspect of it. Is a conspiracy theory a rumour about an event so complex that even the factual matters of the event are so complex and poorly documented that after the fact, many things continue to remain unclear? That would be another aspect of it.

This is probably the line of reasoning that lead Noam Chomsky to call 9/11 Truth claims an "internet rumour."

Are conspiracy theories just rumours? So that if a rumour ended up being true, that would be the same thing as a conspiracy theory that ended up being true? So if the rumour about Suzie's affair with John ends up being true, even after I defended John as a highly moral guy who was with me when the story says he was with Suzie, is that a conspiracy theory that ends up being true?

Or does a conspiracy theory have to be a rumour about important people and stuff like that? But didn't we talk about all this before?

Just some thoughts on this?

</quote>
So what you're saying there are no conspiracies.

Or you're saying that once something becomes known it was never a conspiracy anyway.

Seems to me, that to get things to "go your way and/or profit at the expense of others," conspiracies are absolutely necessary.
</post>
<post author="Montag451" datetime="2012-01-26T06:54:00" id="p362">
Watergate had a slow drip drip of what where originally rumors and innuendo that lasted 2 years.

There was a convoluted pathway from the break in to the president with multiple denials lies and excuses.

It even had a shadowy figure in Deep Throat who turned out to be a high level FBI informer.

It had document shredding to hide the truth.

W&amp;B also reported some of their sources being scared to talk and under surveillance.

If you take conspiracy to mean a group of people working together to a single secret end then it was certainly a conspiracy. If W&amp;B had an idea that the official story was untrue then they had a theory about the conspiracy that eventually proved true.

I still contend that if this forum existed then there would be posts discussing the slow leak of information as a CT at the time.

A CT doesn't have to be a woo NWO bad Sciencey type thing, although these are the ones that tend to be regarded as 'true' CTs, ones that are almost fictionalised stories about something.
</post>
