<post author="neil" datetime="2004-01-06T19:03:00" id="p6">
Hi farmerman: Tell us more about ore benefication.
I think the chemical engineer I talked to agreed that most of the nasties from an incinerator were made less hazzardous by high temperature, but even at plasma temperature chlorine would produce dioxin in the air above the stack as soon as it cooled sufficiently.
I might have heard of the microwave tunnels. Wave guides could be on the surface. A billion dollar waveguide might accept a billion watts at the input and deliver 700,000,000 watts at the output 200 miles away. That would be better than a high voltage power line, except we have an energy conversion to get the microwaves, and another conversion at the receiving end, unless the microwaves can make hydrogen, do home or industrial heating, power an aircraft in flight, or other. As a minor bonus the micro waves might carry broadband data.
The new photovoltaic panels are only about 10% better than 20 years ago, unless you can get some designed for space craft. You can draw more amps from your motor home batteries if you replace them every two or three years, and can make room for bigger ones. A big bank will stay charged almost as well with your present photo voltaic, but adding a panel or two will make for faster recharging. You should never leave the batteries discharged for more than a day or two or they will lose some of their amp-hour capacity.
The new breed of inverters are cheap at Sam's Super Store, about $30 for a 500 watt inverter which will supppy 1000 watts of 110 volts ac for at least one second. At no load they only draw 4 watts (0.3 amps) from your batteries. Does anyone think two inverters can be operated safely in parallel to get enough power for the microwave oven? Can we count on them phaselocking with each other? Neil
</post>
<post author="neil" datetime="2004-01-06T19:29:00" id="p7">
Hi aka: Your arithmetic/ecconomics is correct, I believe, if it is rarely cloudy at your location and there are few trees shading your south facing roof. Can we expect the solar panels to leak no water for as long as quality shingles? Can you walk on solar panels as safely as on shingles? Do you have any installation hints? I hope the price for one will drop to $120 soon. I presume you can get quite a bit off if you are buying 100 panels to cover about 1000 square foot of roof. When your batteries get old they give back less than 1/2 the charging power so that is also a sizable cost whether you replace the batteries or use them another year or two. The batteries need a shelter outside the house due to possible fumes and possible explosion. Sub zero weather could damage the batteries if near discharged. Even 7 years payback is poor if you buy the panels on your credit card. Will the buyer accept the reliability of the roof, if you unexpectedly have to sell your house? You could get less than nothing for your $5000+ worth of solar panels especially if the $5000 makes your house the most expensive in the neighborhood. Neil
</post>
