<post author="lola" datetime="2010-07-18T22:45:00" id="p50">
I'd probably pay for their college education. I do not want them to get loans and pay it until when who knows..It would be a great form of gift from us just what like gmoochies said.
</post>
<post author="steppinthrax" datetime="2010-08-24T19:53:00" id="p51">
<quote orig_author="Chaos">
I'm originally from Europe and simply cannot understand American's obsession with sponsoring their kids college.

One of the main reasons for this is experience, when I was younger I've seen SO many kids get a free ride, didn't appreciate what their parents were doing....and blow off college. Even then parents would still pay for their stuff.

I just don't get it, they are fueling their kids behavior.

No one has EVER offered to pay for my college....heck my parents charged me rent at 15 (I worked since 14). And although I hated it at first, now I appreciate what they have done.

I'm a big believer in "you cannot appreciate ANYTHING you don't work for". I'm sorry but it just gets me SICK to my stomach when I see parents sponsor every single bit of their kids life's.

Personally I don't blame the kids one bit, ANY kid will take whatever is given to them. Problem is, it's just a matter of time before you have to grow up.....and that's where i see many run into a big wall.

I love my kids to death (I have 4) and I want what's best for them. I understand the importance of good education, but I also understand a responsibility as a parent.

Right now, I simply cannot save for my kids college. But that's besides the point. Let's assume I had millions in the bank, guess what I would not pay for their school. It will be up them to do good in school and hopefully get a scholarship. If NOT, they will need to take out a loan and eventually pay it off. This is the only way to teach them responsibility IMO. How else will they learn how hard it is to work and get money if the biggest expenses in their life are being sponsored on regular basis.

Some of these kids I see out there just make me sick....and I blame their parents. Brand new 30-40k cars.....don't pay rent.....won't even clean their room (forget about cleaning the house). Only thing these parents teach them is how to use them....I don't get it.

Regardless of my financial status when my kids are 16 it will be their responsibility to get a job, pay their bills, manage their money, pay for their car, BUT their car, pay for their insurance etc. At 18 I will expect them to contribute to household, if it's not in form of rent then is some other form.

But there is no way in HELL there will be a free ride, simply will not allow that to happen.

Same goes for college, they are adults by our society standards.....my goal is to prepare them for life and be ready. Not spoil them so they can fall on their face flat once my bank account is empty.

Perhaps I'm a little too tough...

Why do you feel obligated to pay for your kids college?

</quote>

The goal is you want to do everything you can so your children don't come back to you in the future asking for money for the rest of your natuarl life.

My dad promised to pay for my college, but didn't. I ended up footing the bill. I don't speak to them anymore.... I now have a M.S. degree and making a 6 figure income (more than my dad, and he knows it). They now try to kiss my ass. What goes around comes around....
</post>
<post author="superman" datetime="2010-08-29T19:19:00" id="p52">
i started a college fund for my son when he was born. i dont have a lot of money but i put a little away each paycheck for him. it probably wont cover the whole expense but i want to help him out that way. i didnt/havent gone to college. i never had a college fund. so i thought it would be nice to know that im backin him as far as education goes.
</post>
