<post author="gapmonth" datetime="2011-06-14T18:28:00" id="p24">
<quote orig_author="mabrookes">
That is only part of it; they will get away with the highest possible price no matter what though, whenever they can. It is pure greed a lot of the time.

A pharmaceutical company that campaigned and managed to get a licence to be the exclusive maker of a drug that helped prevent premature birth, even though it was made perfectly fine by any company that wanted to before then, immediately upped the price straight after getting it.

The price increase? It went from $10 to $1500 per shot.

</quote>

Very true. Pharmaceutical Companies are some of the least ethically sound. All drugs will be overpriced for a huge profit but the difference between an expensive drug and one that runs into the 10's of thousands of pounds is a result of the limited market created by personalised treatment. I guess upon reflection the two biggest catalysts to this problem is the unregulated greed of the industry and what I have previously mentioned.
</post>
<post author="Anonymous" datetime="2011-06-14T18:28:00" id="p25">
<quote orig_author="gapmonth">
(Skip down for TLDR but please read all before if you intend neg me)
The NHS is a great system that we should be extremely thankful for and I'm sure we are all extremely grateful for the excellent service it provides. It is the arguably the defining success of post-war Britain. However in recent years we have seen precedent for an unfair system being established; with rising costs of healthcare we are seeing a situation were cover is no longer quite so universal and the one's who are benifiting are the very same people causing the problem.

The issue is with people abusing there bodies in the knowledge that the NHS can catch them, there is much less incentive to show your body, and in turn the system, respect. We are living in a time were people who have no control over there ailments being denied treatment due to budget constraints. Herceptin, a very effective Breast Cancer drug is not universally available due to it's cost, now I am well aware that the media has spun this a bit, as Herceptin is only effective in some cases, but the fact remains it is a postcode lottery were you can be denied life saving treatment due to cost. This is going to be an increasing problem as drugs companies like Astra Zeneca switch from all encompassing mildly effective drugs to drugs that are specific to a small number of cases: thus increasing the cost. The advent of personalised medicine makes the issue crucial. The issue here is the fact the NHS cannot afford these drugs to the innocent as it has taken a stance on preventable illness' such as obesity and smoking/alchohol abuse that just isn't fair.

When you can get a £7000 gastric band or £20,000 gastric bypass on the NHS and the countless thousands that will also be spent on diabetes, physio and knee and hip replacements for free it is plain to see the issue, people's abuse of their bodies are draining the NHS from the people that deserve treatment. There is no disincentive to loose weight when you can eat up to the marker were surgery is freely available. It is easier to gain 3 stone to get a free pass than too lose 7-8 stone to become healthy, the system is ludicrous. Blatant body abuse should not be rewarded. And yes I admit some obesity is aided maybe even caused by genetic reasons but the vast majority is due to idleness, parenting, diet and exercise. You don't accidentally become 25 stone. Personally I believe it is as much a crime to allow your children to become obese from overfeeding then allowing them to become malnourished through under feeding and think the Child Protection Agency should take the same stance, it is just unfair on the Children to be subjected to the far reaching Physical and Mental disadvantages that can result from Childhood Obesity. However I digress and that is another matter. Furthermore the state of A&amp;E on a Friday and Saturday night is disgusting. Now I drink, quite heavily often but I still believe the current system is a joke and unjust. Vital services to accidents are greatly put under strain by the ambulances and stomach pumps etc. put to inebriated people. There needs to be a disincentive such as a £50 surcharge for using A&amp;E under your own fault under Alcohol related causes and I myself would be happy to pay this. Similar things are true for smokers than with obesity but I think you get my issue and this is dragging on.

TLDR: Essentially people who knowingly abuse there body should no longer divert NHS budget from those suffering from ailments beyond there control as it just isn't sustainable and is not fair and gives no incentive to look after your health.

</quote>

I completely agree, it often does favour those who don't deserve it. I mean I suffer from keloid scars on my chest and upper back which have completely destroyed my self confidence, sent me into depression etc. and they have remained for about 10 years. I appealed for laser surgery to help improve them three times and was rejected every time. These scars are completely out of my control and were not brought on by anything. And yet, someone who is overweight and cant be ****ed to exercise and eat less can get a gastric band fitted for thousands. Altho, I am sympathetic to those who are overweight cos of illness or whatever.
</post>
