<post author="edgarblythe" datetime="2002-12-10T21:03:00" id="p11">
I first became aware of the struggle between the races when my elementry school teacher brought a record to class for us to listen to. It was about the murder of Emmet Till. I no longer recall the singer of the record, but the lesson contained in the song stayed with me. When not too many years later I heard about the bus strike and Martin Luther King, I said to myself, "It's about time." I was gratified to learn that black Americans were taking a strong stand. Prior to that my family had moved to a neighborhood that was about two thirds black and Mexican American and the third portion being whites, orientals, Portugese, etc. I saw very quickly that we all were humans first, colors a distant second. Then we moved to another state, a southern one. For the first time I saw the dual facilities for whites and coloreds. The schools in the part of the state where we settled were integrated. I was ashamed of the way my white counterparts treated the blacks, who suffered all indignities with grins. They got away from their tormentors at the first opportunity. I was sure their grins faded just as fast. It was quite a change from the California school where black students had often been among the class leaders. I know I will never lose the fire to see racial justice done. I see now that many Americans feel deep seated need to kick Arab butts. I mightily hope enough of us retain the common sense to know the difference between legitemate enemies and manufactured ones.
</post>
<post author="BillW" datetime="2002-12-11T17:48:00" id="p12">
"I first became aware of the struggle between the races when :"

1957 Desegregation at Little Rock, Arkansas

Little Rock Central High School was to begin the 1957 school year desegregated. On September 2, the night before the first day of school, Governor Faubus announced that he had ordered the Arkansas National Guard to monitor the school the next day. When a group of nine black students arrived at Central High on September 3, they were kept from entering by the National Guardsmen. On September 20, Judge Davies granted an injunction against Governor Faubus and three days later the group of nine students returned to Central High School. Although the students were not physically injured, a mob of 1,000 townspeople prevented them from remaining at school. Finally, President Eisenhower ordered 1,000 paratroopers and 10,000 National Guardsmen to Little Rock, and on September 25, Central High School was desegregated.

<a href="http://www.sjbc.org/lr.htm">http://www.sjbc.org/lr.htm</a>

I was 7 years old and going into 2nd grade in Memphis, TN - just a hop, skip and jump away. I was scared and confused. I couldn't figure why all these big ole men and a governor were keeping some little kids from going to school. Needless to say, after this there is no wonder I have so little respect for cops, uniforms, and government officials that use all that power to squash the small and innocent. I had respect for Judges who were courageous - now that too is gone!

trent lott, take a hike!
</post>
