<post author="Olivia_Lightbulb" datetime="2009-08-12T22:29:00" id="p212">
<quote orig_author="Richard_A_Garner">
Originally Posted by Richard_A_Garner
No it doesn't. Removing the idea that food is dependent on ability to pay led to mass starvation in the USSR. Why wouldn't it mean the same when it is health care rather than food? The NHS led to immediate rationing, the long term effect of which has been that rich people opt out, and poor people die on waiting lists.

On a market economy, if people want more of A and less of B, demand for A will go up and demand for B will fall. Sales of A will increase, and slaes of B will decrease, meaning more profits providing A and less providing B. This also means that providers of A will be able to raise their prices without losing sales, and supplies of B will have to drop theirs to keep sales. The raising prices and profits in the A industry will attract new suppliers into the industry, possibly from the B industry, where falling prices and profits are encouraging people to leave. The net result is that production of B declines and production of A rises. So the price mechanism allows those that want more of A to tell people to provide more of it, whilst giving them a proportionate incentive to respond appropriately, and allows people who want less of B to tell providers of B to produce less of it, and gives them a proportionate incentive to respond appropriately. Moreover, the same works for factors of production: How would land owners know that people wanted more bread, for instance? The price and profit in the bread industry would rise as demand rises, telling bread makers to make more bread, or other producers to become bread makers. This causes a rise in the demand for wheat, with the same effect. This causes a rise in the demand for land, with the same effect.

Abolishing, or interfering with this price mechanism, by fixing prices at zero, prevents this signalling process from happening. Consumers cannot signal to suppliers that more of one thing is needed and less of another, nor provide them with a proportionate incentive to respond. Whether or not health care proffessionals are in it for the money or for the basic desire to help, they cannot know which service people want more of.

Fixing the price at zero means that demand will be higher than it would other wise be, that people will seek to get healthcare worth less to them than it costs to provide - the textbook definition of "over supplying."

The result of the whole debacle will be chronic shortages and missalocation of resources, coupled with special interest politics that will lead the NHS to be run for the benefit of those that work in it rather than those that use it.

No it isn't. It is based on the idea that if you want something, you are entitled to go out and force people to give you money for it. If I went around taxing people, I would be arrested for robbery or extortion. But this is what people want the state to do to fund the NHS. It is based on the idea that people don't own themselves but should have to pay the state if they want to use their own body and mind to produce a living for themselves, so long as the state uses this money to buy everybody healthcare. It is based on the idea that it is OK to sacrifice one person to another.

Of course it is socialist: It is collectively owned, not run for a profit, outside the market, supplying, in theory, "to each according to need."

</quote>

Your comparison with food manufacture is flawed and misleading. The NHS does not prevent patient choice (one can choose to go private if preferred) it simply means the patient doesn't need to pay for that choice. The idea that this diminishes the practice of supply and demand is false; you cannot draw parallels between food consumption and healthcare, they are fundamentally different.

Your argument that the NHS is based "on the idea that it is OK to sacrifice one person to another" and "that if you want something, you are entitled to go out and force people to give you money for it" is frankly, wrong. You show negligible knowledge regarding taxation. Most people would accept that taxation is needed to secure the stability of the country, and to implement initiatives that cannot be brought about by the individual or by small parties and which require broader application by the state to be most effective. Therefore the state is not 'robbing' us; the taxpayer concedes that in the interests of good service,the healthcare system cannot be fragmented and subject to condition.

The NHS was the product of liberal thinking; it is not necessarily 'socialist'.
</post>
<post author="No Future" datetime="2009-08-13T00:27:00" id="p213">
I am happy with the evil and Orwellian NHS thanks :-)
</post>
<post author="Edenr" datetime="2009-08-13T02:14:00" id="p214">
Regarding illnesses for which one is not to blame; the question should not be "This isn't my fault, why should I have to pay?" but rather, "This isn't anyone else's fault, why should they have to pay?".
</post>
