<post author="Cedz" datetime="2011-12-16T03:37:00" id="p55">
<quote orig_author="Aussiegunner">
Thanks for the replies everybody, I'll make a general response.

Firstly I should clarify that I do not consider that what I am suggesting is likely to happen in the short term. Our strategic circumstances do not currently justify us getting nuclear weapons as we have no immediate threat to Australian sovereignty beyond illegal immigrantion. Moreover our current Government is quite active in promoting nuclear disarmament and the NPT. Our Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd loves prancing around the World feeling important telling others what to do and this is another of his causes, which I suspect Julia Gillard lets him pursue to keep him out of her hair at home. I'm not convinced that anybody listens to him, but he does generally reflect the Government's position on nuclear weapons.

The type of scenario that I am thinking about is in 40 or 50 years time if China's rise has continued and the US has become more isolationist and insular. China may have made some gains in Taiwan and the South China sea but may be short of the basing and naval capacity to dominate all claims against the military capacities of the ASEAN nations. The logical step would be to ally itself to others in the region who don't have claims but who can provide those bases. The big nation that qualifies in that regard is Indonesia.

I don't want to be seen to be picking on our Indonesian friends because they are doing a great job promoting peace and democracy in their country and have good relations with Australia and others in the region at present. However, even they would have to admit that it hasn't always been the case. I don't see it as beyond the realms of possibility that under pressure to access sufficient energy resources to drive economic development in such a vast country, that they might want to "aggressively renegotiate" some of the sea bed treaties agreed with Australia in the 1970s. Or perhaps they might want to bring East Timor back into their area of influence, or perhaps Papua New Guinea. This might especially be the case if the need for energy resources was combined with domestic political trouble, with Australia making an obvious scapegoat.

So for Australia we might face an resurgently aggressive Indonesia backed by nuclear China (or even Russia for that matter, it has happened before), with the America being disinterested in foreign entanglements. Without nuclear weapons under that circumstance I would delicately describe our prospects of protecting our sovereignty as.... fucked.

So what if we decide to acquire nuclear weapons. We have 23% of the Worlds known uranium reserves but tvery little nuclear expertise as we only have one reactor for scientific and medical research. Being a light water reactor we can't even produce plutonium with it. Whats more the prospect of a nuclear power industry in Australia is remote, even though it was seriously considered a few years ago, is remote and even more so after Fukushima.

Whats more we are subject to NPT inspections and with such a small cadre of nuclear qualified personal, I'm pretty sure they would be missed if more than a couple were whisked off to develop nuclear weaponry.

So, that leaves us with two options. One is to thumb our noses at the NPT while we are developing the capacity to produce nuclear weapons and delivery systems, making us a rogue state with all the associated sanctions for a very long time. The second is to acquire expertise from elsewhere in secret and then present our weaponary to the World as a foregone conclusion like India did. Or indeed just don't officially announce it like Israel has. Nuclear weapons have been traded in the past, China to Pakistan springs to mind, and Israel, South Africa and Taiwan allegedly used to cooperate on their development, so I don't find the prospect far fetched. The reason that I suggest trading uranium rather than money is that we have heaps of it and it wouldn't show up as easily on an auditors review of the Government books, happy to consider other options though.

Also, the partner nation doesn't need to be India, I just put that as a conversation starter. I don't see why Israel or Pakistan wouldn't do equally as well. Or perhaps we could do a deal with Japan, as they have enrichment facilities and rocket technology and under these circumstances they would probably want nukes as well.

</quote>

Nice post Aussie! That's basically the general strategic concern I have for Australia going into the future as well so its nice to have someone put it into words. I agree that Indonesia by themselves will probably never be a serious threat to Australian survival, but backed by a emergent super power (or just a nation with strong enough power projection) they could definitely become a significant threat.

A deal with Japan is an interesting idea as well considering that a globally powerful China is probably not going to be too friendly with them at all.
</post>
<post author="Cedz" datetime="2011-12-16T03:55:00" id="p56">
JAD_333

<quote>
I completely agree with you. For what it's worth, Britain can count on considerable public support here.
</quote>

It is definitely worth quite a lot to those of us that are concerned about this issue that there is public support for Britain in the US. I was beginning to wonder if my idea of what the American public view on something like this would be was just completely wrong.
</post>
<post author="lemontree" datetime="2011-12-16T04:14:00" id="p57">
@Pari

<quote>
So why didn't Britain and the US assist India in the Sino-Indian War?
</quote>

They did send immediate aid in the form of weapons.
</post>
<post author="lemontree" datetime="2011-12-16T04:36:00" id="p58">
That is a good read. Thanks for posting it.
</post>
