<post author="Sofia" datetime="2003-09-06T23:31:00" id="p186">
<quote orig_author="Craven de Kere">
Back out? This is partly our creation.

When isreal realized that the Palestinians have no real viable alternative to Arafat they tactically removed him and we played along.
...Or, when Israel and the US realised Arafat is a terrorist himself, with no ability or desire to make peace with Israel, they looked for a viable alternative.
We propped up a leader that was not recognized by popular support among it's people in order to sideline the one who is.
...or, they tried to find a Palestinian, who does want peace and who was more likely to try to achieve it.
Now Isreal has it's wish. As long as they are allowed to get away with the sidelining of the only Palestinian that the Palestinians recognize they will hold the key to avoiding the "painful concessions" in their hands.
I don't think the concessions Israel had already agreed to, and the several steps they made toward conciliation can be dismissed fairly.
It's somethign I worried about very much when they started this campaign to sideline the only Palestinian who could have signed an agreement with Palestinian support.
Arafat had made no progress, and didn't seem to be interested in progress.
Many picked up on the lie. It was obvious that with Arafat in physical isolation that the complainst by Isreal that he was responsible for all the terror were illogical.
What was Arafat's excuse for all those years before the isolation? Craven, when Israel checked out Arafat's compound, they found weaponry and documents supporting Hamas. How can anyone doubt Arafat's allegience to terrorism, and his unbending will to eradicate Israel?
He could not be both irrelevant and the problem.
He was the problem, which deemed him irrelevent to solving the problem.
But with this lipservice of wanting to make peace many allowed this tactical move to become accepted.
It is hard for me to believe that you view Israel as not wanting peace.
Arafat was making bold moves. He condemed the terrorism in what was a groundbreaking move.
When Isreal demanded a few weeks of calm Arafat helped make it happen.
Isreal's response was to reply to teh weeks of calm with an assasination and to then sideline Arafat.
I'll have to research this sequence. The tit-for-tat sequence has been very reliable.
Now we get to watch. Isreal has managed to, yet again, use the terrorism as a pretext to avoid making what they call "painfull concessions" and what the world calls acting within the boundaries of law.

I still have hope. But if this really falls through watch for continued violence and the continued expantion of Isreal.
No hope here. I strongly believe things are about to get very, very bad.
See, for some reason many americans seem to think that as long as there are Palestinian extremists who murder Israelis that Isreal is justified in killing even more Palestinians under the guise or retaliation.

That's not half as bad as the fact that few people demand that Isreal stop it's most obvious crime with the systemetic settling of Palestinian land. It's an act of war that is tolerated only because the Palestinian murderers are less tolerable.
I hope no one finds Palestinian life less valuable than any other. Israel was in the process of giving back land, with agreements to give back more
The stupidity of this game is infuriating. When we decide to give up and let them go at it what it means is we resign ourselves to watch Isreal grow.
I don't think Israel will use the coming violence to expand. I think they will realize public opinion concerning their overkill wouldn't tolerate an expansion.
Isreal suffers terrible atrocious acts. They respond by killing more innocents and stealing more land.
Israel's innocents die. Their great crime is existing in their current location. They don't deserve to be targeted for that. They have been giving up land, and agreeing to give up more.
The solution to this equation is a simple one and it's heartbreaking to watch political concerns trump the issues of loss of life and bloodshed.
</quote>

I refreshed and see your predictions, Craven and think you are correct that Arafat will suffer assasination or expulsion. I believe we are seeing the first shots in a huge escalation in Israel. Bush tried to back out previous to the Roadmap, and was criticised heavily in the international papers. I know he and the admin want to back out--but with elections coming up, it is more iffy that he will. I don't think Bush will try to stop Arafat's expulsion.

I think Bush may try to throw the whole thing to the UN--
</post>
<post author="Sofia" datetime="2003-09-07T00:09:00" id="p187">
Interesting numbers.

Gallup Poll. Latest: June 12-15, 2003. N=510 adults nationwide. MoE ± 5.
.

"In the Middle East conflict, do you think the United States should take Israel's side, take the Palestinians' side, or not take either side?"
Israel's 18%
Palestinians' 4%
Neither 74%
No Opinion 4%

With numbers like that, the election won't affect Bush's desire to dump the issue.
</post>
