<post author="TestUser12" datetime="2007-08-14T12:21:00" id="p35">
I completely agree, many people take this stuff seriously, even well educated people.

These aren't in order but these are things that were in the show:

1. Discussion of astrology, classic experiment with 20 random people and a random horoscope, around 1/2 believed that the horoscope was true for them. Talks to some astology professor or something (can't remember what the guy's job actually was), asks some awkward questions and gets the guy to hint that he doesnt really believe in it. Compares astrology to astronomy and asks people to go out into the country and look into the vastness of space, or go to an observatory.

2. Segment on dowsing, some professor of psychology (i think!) testing dowsers with bottles filled with sand/water in a double blind experiment, dowsers perform no better than chance. Short interviews with some dowsers who give excuses for why they couldnt perform. Pretty much echoes other experiments by skeptic societies. Has a nice little bit in here about why the double blind is such a magnificent technique.

3. Psychics and cold reading. He's at a psychic/alternative therapy/whatever conference, and sits down with a guy who gets him to select cards, guy guesses at some things until he hits on something that is recognised by Richard and goes on about that. Richard asks him to explain the other things he said that he didnt recognise, lots of excuses. Little segment with Derren Brown about how cold reading is used, how to recognise it etc (Derren seems a little nervous here, no idea why). Richard attends a spiritualist church meeting led by someone who claims to be able to get messages from the "other side". We see a lot of the exact same things that Derren describes with cold reading. The psychic guy makes a few blunders, probably quite a bit of editing in this section. Richard interviews him afterwards and asks him if he really believes in this stuff. Psychic guy says yes. *pan* *hilarious Dawkins face* *laughter*

4. a REALLY NICE section on the discovery of echolocation in bats (at the time, sonar was a top secret military technology), how the initial experiment was disagreed with in the scientific community, then as more scientists tested it, it was found to be true. Great example of science in action. I liked this bit :)

5. He also attends some kind of meeting with the editor of resurgence. I don't really remember much of this bit, The guy made some crazy claims though.

These are the bits that I remember best. Throughout the programme he keeps reiterating the point that these practices are not studied by science because they have no reason behind them, and how we cannot progress if we continue down this path.

I believe he managed to get across what he meant to, that reason is precious and is somethign that we all can and should use in our every day lives.

I'm certain i've missed some of the stuff in this program, it was an hour packed to the brim.

I'll keep tuned for next week's :)
</post>
<post author="K.J.Healey" datetime="2007-08-14T12:56:00" id="p36">
I've always felt that astrology could have some small truth, if only for the simple fact that its basically monthly groupings of what time of year people were born in.
I wish there was a way to see, but I could believe that theres either a trend in personalities, or a trend in the difference between personalities when comparing someone born in the cold of winter and someone in the heat of summer.
Maybe your first developmental memories would be biased depending on whether you're inside with your parents 24 hours a day or outside with them most of the day in the sun.

Of course this could be completely drowned out by the methods of parenting, as well as not-applicable in areas with little to no season change.
What do you guys think? Possible?
(PS I hate astrology)
</post>
