<post author="au1929" datetime="2003-08-10T07:04:00" id="p5">
hobitbob
I will ask you how can the roadmap hope to work when the Palestinians continue to target civilians. Shooting at autos on the road and lobbing shells into Isreal. What have the Palestinians done to follow the road map. To date not a thing the terrorists still rule the roost. The PA is only a figure head and the power still rests in the hands of Arafat and the terrorist organizations.
</post>
<post author="Walter Hinteler" datetime="2003-08-10T07:11:00" id="p6">
Well, at first, after a historic meeting with Abbas, on July 25, President George W. Bush referred to Israel's separation wall - dashing through the West Bank - as a "problem."
But only a few days later, the momentous shift seemed nothing more than a wrong choice of words. President Bush, standing by a smiling Israeli Prime Minister told reporters he understood the "fence" was a "sensitive issue" to Israel, and merely committed to ensure that the "fence sends the right signals."

However, since I lived in country, seperated for nearly 30 years by a wall and lots of fences, I sincerely believe, the roadmap will work - unfortunately only after years and killed citizens on all sites.
</post>
<post author="au1929" datetime="2003-08-10T07:20:00" id="p7">
War Continues for Gush Katif Residents
11:40 Aug. 10, '03 / 12 Av 5763
Compliance to the roadmap Palestinian style

While PA and Israeli officials talk of the hudna and whether it is effective or not, the residents of Gush Katif continue to live in warlike conditions. Palestinian terrorists in Gaza fired a new missile at the community of Morag last night, in southern Gush Katif, causing injuries.

The rocket, named Al-Batar, is a new product of weapons factories in the Palestinian Authority, and has a range of three kilometers. Six Israelis went into shock when it was fired at them last night, and their hearing was slightly affected as well. The missile exploded near a home in Morag, causing damage to nearby parked cars and shattering windows in adjacent homes.

Suicide Attack Thwarted
17:47 Aug. 07, '03 / 9 Av 5763

The IDF had recently given Abu Sharah's name to the PA security forces, but they did not arrest him. PA leaders Abu Mazen and Muhammed Dahlan have said that they do not plan to take action against the terror organizations in their midst.

The Jerusalem Police arrested ten Arab youths last night, on suspicion of vandalizing and desecrating gravesites at the ancient Jewish cemetery on Mt. of Olives. They are alleged to have smashed gravestones, scrawled anti-Jewish graffiti and defecated on the stones, and stolen ornaments from the graves throughout the past year. More arrests are expected.

This past week, IDF forces arrested a total of 72 wanted Arabs of the Palestinian Authority. Three explosive devices were detonated towards IDF forces during this period, and 22 instances of terrorist gunfire were reported. In the most serious incident, a woman and her three children were wounded in a terrorist shooting attack on the Har Gilo-Jerusalem Highway.

The IDF reported on Monday that since the onset of the "hudna" ceasefire five weeks earlier, there were no fewer than 195 terrorist attacks in Judea, Samaria and Gaza, claiming the lives of four Israelis and wounding 22.
</post>
