<post author="euronorris" datetime="2010-03-23T09:07:00" id="p10">
Hi Missindecisive.

You're not alone. It happens to everyone at some point in their life, but I have noticed a pattern in respect of age. ie, all my older siblings and I seemed to go through a stage like this with our friends around our mid to late 20's.

I put it down to changes in everyone's lives. ie, I no longer feel the need to go out every Fri and Sat night, im in a settled relationship and I moved country! lol. So, naturally, my friendships changed too. Some friends are still into the going out every weekend, others are getting married and having kids, and others are expanding their horizons with education, moving etc etc. All of these things change us, as people, and in turn our wants, expectations and needs from our friends change.

Sometimes, the friendships become quiet for a while, and then pick up again when things have levelled out in other areas of my/their lives and other times, it's best to let them go and move on.

It's not easy though, I know. Hugs!
</post>
<post author="Amanda65" datetime="2010-03-23T09:10:00" id="p11">
Hi OP

I am very lucky I know as I have a group of very close girlfriends who I know I am going to carry through life with me - they range from my oldest best friend from school, through a couple of colleagues who have become close friends to ante-natal friends. However over the years there have also been many people who I thought were really good friends and it has not been as I thought. Several years ago I read this poem and it helped me realise that not everyone has to be around for ever, but that doesn't mean that, at the time, they are very important to you and vice versa:-

Reason, Season, or Lifetime

People come into your life for a reason, a season or a lifetime.
When you figure out which one it is,
you will know what to do for each person.

When someone is in your life for a REASON,
it is usually to meet a need you have expressed.
They have come to assist you through a difficulty;
to provide you with guidance and support;
to aid you physically, emotionally or spiritually.
They may seem like a godsend, and they are.
They are there for the reason you need them to be.
Then, without any wrongdoing on your part or at an inconvenient time,
this person will say or do something to bring the relationship to an end.
Sometimes they die. Sometimes they walk away.
Sometimes they act up and force you to take a stand.
What we must realize is that our need has been met, our desire fulfilled; their work is done.
The prayer you sent up has been answered and now it is time to move on.

Some people come into your life for a SEASON,
because your turn has come to share, grow or learn.
They bring you an experience of peace or make you laugh.
They may teach you something you have never done.
They usually give you an unbelievable amount of joy.
Believe it. It is real. But only for a season.

LIFETIME relationships teach you lifetime lessons;
things you must build upon in order to have a solid emotional foundation.
Your job is to accept the lesson, love the person,
and put what you have learned to use in all other relationships and areas of your life.
It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant.
</post>
