<post author="reebus" datetime="2011-06-05T10:13:00" id="p1">
so my husband went to a bachelor party last night, and i knew they would most likely end up at the strip club. and it didnt bother me. but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun, and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying. i told him im just hormonal. normally i wouldnt have an issue with him visiting a strip club. i dont know... i just told him that i am sorry i will never look like that and i am so scared that he wont find me attractive in a few months because i am going to get stretch marks and just be fat and gross looking and i am just so emotional and ugh... i wasnt trying to make him feel bad. i am just a big ball of hormones right now. i dont know what my problem is i am just scared of how my body is going to change and that i wont ever be able to look somewhat decent again.
ugghhh just had to vent.
</post>
<post author="Momee2bee" datetime="2011-06-05T11:19:00" id="p2">
Aw. All of that is the hormones talking. When try creep up and make you think irrational things just tell them to shut up.

My body was looser after I gave birth but it wasn't bad. It could of been better but I admit I was lazy and didn't really work at it. It was difficult in the beginning. I was never super thin but I was lucky enough where I never had to work out. After I popped out my kid - I had to work at it. Dh said he actually thought I was more beautiful after having Oliver. Not sure if he truly meant it or was trying to make me feel better - but it did work.

Just remember he loves you. He married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.
</post>
<post author="Christina86" datetime="2011-06-05T15:04:00" id="p3">
i had the smae moments with my dh. i have gained 70 pounds this pregnancy, and i got really cursed with strech marks. my belly and my boobs look like someone took a purple marker and had a field day! and its all across my hips and down my legs, right to the ankles.

most of that is due to the fact that i gained 70 punds and i didn't really even try to be somewhat active when i could during my pregnancy. so you might not get it as bad as i have.

but don't worry about the after. men understand more then we think some times. my dh said that he still finds me sexy, and he will afterwards. he explained it as, he was there, he helped create it, he finds it beatiful that i am carry our child, and that istead of just being sexy afterwards, i will be a sexy momma!(doesn't he have a way with words! lol)

its hormones that make it feel worse. so it will pass.
</post>
