<post author="A for Andromeda" datetime="2010-08-11T19:28:00" id="p25">
<quote orig_author="GorGor">
Originally Posted by GorGor
If Russia did not also develop a Nuclear bomb i am certain we would all live in America.
Yet after WWII when they were the strongest military power in the world they chose not to try to create an empire (unlike another notable country) – I find it ironic (and hypocritical) you call me sadly indoctrinated, when you seem to see Iran as a power and peaceful nation, which is being suppressed by all of the developed world solely because they (the West) want to preserve their power and wealth.

What you doubt is of no consequence there is no evidense to show Iran has a goal of creating a vast empire, the same is not true of America.
You would be foolish to believe that if they had the power to do so they wouldn’t. We (people who believe in personal freedom and democracy) are lucky that Iran is a weak nation, which does not have the ability to create an empire - I mean look how it treat their own people.
America is trying to dominate the world. This is a great example of it. How does America give nations freedom?
Well it stops minor countries (like Iran) trying to expand by taking over smaller and colonising them, simply due to the fear of reprisal. Also all of the conflicts it has gotten into have resulted democracies being formed as oppose to occupying them, which they easily could.

You are so indoctrinated it really is sad.
Ironic and hypocritical much?

Iran is developing its own nuclear technology and has one of the highest output rates of scientific papers on nuclear technology. Youa re just ignorant and anti-Iranian.
Again I laughed – any claim that Iran is even a somewhat developed nation is simply wrong. Maybe I’m wrong? Could you show me the actually article which shows the amount of scientific papers they publish? The simple fact is even N. Korea is more technologically advanced, in terms of nuclear technology.

Iran is a world power if it wasn’t you wouldn't be talking about it. You're just anti-Iranian and you have a below average intelligence.

Umm it’s that kind of flawed logic that highlights that you are of below average intelligence. Just because a country is spoken about doesn’t mean it’s a world power, look at North Korea, which is actually surprisingly similar to Iran! They both have a level of delusion that makes them a laughing stock on the world stage. Both believe that they are powerful nations and trick and brainwash the population in believing it also!

Discussing world issues is not your forte.
Alas the final point of a lost argument!

</quote>

I’m amazed at the number of personal attacks you’ve forced into your reply (the retreat of a lost arguement)

I think I was right in my first comment. You are clearly deluded (and rather extremist) thus any type of argument (especially one that insults the holy Islamic republic that is Iran) is pointless.
</post>
<post author="GorGor" datetime="2010-08-11T19:30:00" id="p26">
<quote orig_author="teadrinker">
Originally Posted by teadrinker
After discussion with Iranian friends, I would say the educated classes do not support the nuclear policy. The Islamic nut jobs may be more enthusiastic, but these are the guys who are trying to hasten the end of days.

With a few exceptions, US foreign policy was incredibly insular up until WWII and the dropping of the bomb. Your reasoning does not follow.

Your bogey men are overrated. There are also plenty of non-Jewish/Christian loonys who are concerned about the possibility of a nation whose President wishes to hasten judgement day acquiring nuclear weapons.

For all its failings America does not stone women for adultery or hang homosexuals. There is no rush for Iranian passports.

</quote>

Don't confuse expat Iranians with Iranians in Iran. Iranians whoa re expat are notoriously liberal and quite often self hating. Educated Iranians in Iran almost always support Irans nuclear right.

How about since WW2? Would hyper aggresive be suitable?

American lobbys control America not the voters.

Actually there is huge rush for Iranian passports (by certain groups).

Don;t pull this cultural elitism card with me. America has over 16,000 gun deaths a year, the rape rates are massive compared to Iran (rape is punishable by death), Paedophiles get a slap on the wrist, people are tortured and murdered in illegal war camps (Guantanamo Bay) and ofcourse the murder of over a million Iraqis.
</post>
