<post author="georgia1" datetime="2009-11-08T09:35:00" id="p1">
My Mum is 80 and lives with my Dad (88) in a little flat around 5 miles away from me. In the summer she fell and broke her hip - her recovery has been long and very slow because due to osteoporosis she couldn't have a proper hip replacement - they have just pinned it.

Despite having severe arthritis making it painful to walk, before the accident Mum led quite a busy life. She could drive and visited the elderly(!) and belonged to various social groups, went out to meals, to the theatre etc. This has now stopped because she is unable to get out unless I take her in the wheelchair (I've no siblings). I try to do so regularly but with working and running a family it's not always easy.

I fear that Mum is beginning to deteriorate mentally due to lack of stimulation. She can't stand for very long so no longer does much cooking and she is spending much of the day reading, watching TV or sleeping. I've bought her some wool and she's going to do some knitting for charity but due to the arthritis in her hands I'm not sure how easy she'll find this. Has anyone got any other ideas of activities she could do at home?

I'm going to explore whether the local 'Dial a ride' service for the disabled could take her to some of her previous social groups, although Mum isn't sure how reliable this is talking to various friends. She finds it difficult to get in and out of the car and because she's also got a wheelchair now many of her elderly friends would be unable to give her a lift because they wouldn't have the ability to get the wheelchair in and out the car or to support and help her to get in and out either.

Sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!
</post>
<post author="flutterbyuk25" datetime="2009-11-08T10:51:00" id="p2">
My nan is in her late 80s, she is partially blind and has mobility problems. She belongs to a weekly social club that picks up any member that needs it, it's run by the local council so try asking them. It's an all day club so they get elevenses, cooked lunch and afternoon tea. They have craft things, bingo, speakers, dances etc. She really enjoys it and wouldn't get out much otherwise. She used to go with my grandad but sadly he passed away in May this year. She has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there.

My nan lives is sheltered housing. has her own flat but there is a warden on site who checks on the residents and arranges handymen etc. Some sheltered housing have social events daily so it could be a consideration to see whether they would like to move somewhere like this?

HTH

x
</post>
<post author="margaretclare" datetime="2009-11-08T13:20:00" id="p3">
Your Mum may have lost confidence due to the fall and the subsequent hospital admission and pinning of hip.

I go to a local retirement complex where they have a weekly keep-fit sitting on chairs. This is very important, to help keep up muscle tone, breathing etc. Could you enquire whether there is any such thing in her area, and could she get transport like Dial-a-Ride?

There are usually women's groups at the different churches, and often volunteers will come to provide transport. Could she walk using e.g. a walker, from her door to a car? Could you explain just what the difficulty is that she has with getting into a car?

Also phone the local authority to ask what is provided, what groups etc.
</post>
<post author="Errata" datetime="2009-11-08T13:30:00" id="p4">
Georgia, your local Age Concern / Help the Aged branch may be able to give you info on what's vailable locally and how it can be accessed.
It would also be worth having a word with your local social services team for older people as they may be able to suggest things you or your mum haven't even though of.
Does your mum get Attendance Allowance ? She should be eligible to apply for it and it would perhaps pay for a wheelchair friendly taxi for her
HTH
</post>
