<post author="Deewreck" datetime="2012-03-23T14:01:00" id="p9">
<quote orig_author="sophiecentaur">
Hi.
You are clearly not 'dim', as you other results indicate, in general. So there is nothing to worry about.
With that Maths grade then you would struggle too much to cope with advanced Physics. BUT why are your Maths grades so low? Rather than just chucking in the towel, I would suggest that you could try an alternative approach. It can be easy, in School, to get on a slippery slope once you and your teachers have decided you can't do Maths. Consider some private Maths tuition with someone not associated with your regular School and who, perhaps, is a bit 'different'. This may get you kick started. Even a book might help. When students used to ask me what book to buy, for extra Physics information, I used to tell them to go to the shop (library) and browse. If the presentation of a particular book takes their fancy, then go for it. (The Maths /Physics/ whatever, is very unlikely to be actually Wrong in a textbook)

If that fails you then go for something other than Physics. You could clearly make a success in another direction. There is absolutely no shame in that. I have many friends who are completely Durrr about Physics but who are clearly a lot more intelligent and able than I am.
I could even suggest that, as your present maths is at a lowish level, then you may not even be appreciating exactly what this 'Physics business' is. You may not even be really sure of what it is that you feel you are in love with at the moment. There are plenty more fish in the sea.
</quote>

I don't really want to anything else that is not in the science field and the majority of science NEEDS good math grades right? If I can't do anything else I kinda just want to give up and be a pot head.
</post>
<post author="Deewreck" datetime="2012-03-23T14:06:00" id="p10">
<quote orig_author="jim hardy">
I'm just an old engineer but i got A's in all my physics courses.

I had to spend ALL my homework time on the math courses.

The key to math is force yourself to be rigorously neat and orderly
one step at a time, write in neat horizontal rows and keep columns aligned. That way you drop signs less often.

And work LOTS of exercise problems.

My trouble with calculus was not inability to grasp it instead dumb arithmetic mistakes arising out of sloppiness, coupled with low tolerance for frustration. My writing is small and scrawly and i used to cram things together. I was almost my own downfall. It takes patience to be neat.
But i grew to really like calculus, and differential equations was a sheer delight. Our math textbooks were extraordinarily practical ones. Every other chapter was real world applications of the previous chapter's concepts.

I found if i kept up with math, everything else i was able to do in class time even physics.
Well, until we hit Vector calculus. That was beyond my ability and i just had to memorize rote procedures without understanding them. But i'd like to tackle it again now that i'm three times older and a little more patient..

Probably engineering curriculum requires not quite so much math as physics. I probably would not have made it there.
So if you do run against a brainpower limit, as I did, one can still be a useful contributor to society in one of the more practical sciences.

But honestly i think once you conquer whatever is holding you back in math, and i suspect it's the same poor working habits i had, you will find your strength.
Moral: You just gotta do it. And if i did it, anybody can.
</quote>

Ah thanks that is an inspiring post. I wish that I could get interested in algebra, by the way I am taking Pre-AP algebra, should I not worry as much?
</post>
