<post author="dan9" datetime="2011-04-15T18:59:00" id="p173">
<quote orig_author="Boobies.">
Hmm.. I come from Blackburn, the most racially segregated place in Britain.

Background on race and culture in Blackburn in case you don't know:
Spoiler:
Facts:
At the time of the 2001 census, Blackburn was 69.22% White British (national average for England 89.99%) with significant Indian (14.31%) and Pakistani (11.45%) ethnic minorities. In terms of religion, 57.53% of residents were Christian (average for England 71.74%), 25.74% Muslim (average for England 3.1%) and 15.98% no religion or not stated.
My Experience:
There are, in Blackburn, "Asian areas" and "White areas". These are quite clearly defined, with not many exceptions to the rule. The only place shared by the two groups is the commercial town centre, but all the residential areas are split into Asian and White.
Most Asian kids go to Pleckgate School, and Beardwood. Some go to Witton. Most White kids go to St. Wilfrids, St. Bedes, Our Lady St. Johns, Vale or Darwen Academy. The only mixed school really is Witton Park High School. White private school girls go to Westholme, Asian private school girls go to Tauheedul-Islam Girls' High School. QEGS private school is pretty mixed race. (of course, there are exceptions, but this represents a majority)
White people use white taxis, asian people use asian taxis.
People don't really mix at all. Its unusual to see a group of people who are mixed race - occasionally you have an asian kid hanging out in a white group, or a white kid in an asian group, but generally each sticks to their own race. Inter-racial dating doesn't happen very much at all.
White people prefer to shop in places owned by white people, asian people prefer to shop in places owned by asian people.
There is an occurrence known as "White flight" - When Asian families move into an area, there is a tendency for white people to move away.
Hardly any white people hang around in the densely Asian areas - Whalley Range, Barbara Castle Way area etc, and hardly any Asians hang around in the densely White areas - Pleasington, Feniscowles, Cherry Tree, and Mill Hill especially - Mill Hill is notoriously racist, a lot of the Asian families who have lived there or set up businesses have been firebombed or bullied into leaving.

Has immigration in Blackburn 'damaged communities'? I don't think so at all. Its extremely segregated, yes, and there is some hatred and ignorance on both sides, but I work all over Blackburn, including the Asian areas. Personally, I love their communities, everyone's always talking to each other, people walk into each others houses, everyone's friendly to each other and people are always out on the streets talking to or visiting neigbours.
Similarly, the white communities are strong - there are a lot of charitable groups, people try and help each other out, people get to know their neighbours well.
Some of the Asians, probably quite a significant number, can't speak English, and don't have any intention to. But why would they, in this area? You get the occasional person while i'm working who'll call me white scum or spit at my feet, but you get the same hostilities from a minority both ways. In the most part, Whites and Asians ignore each other's existence.

Conclusion (tl;dr version) From my limited experience, which ranges Blackburn with Darwen, immigration has caused two simultaneous, strong and friendly communities. The only problem is - the communities do not interact with each other. They don't want to, and I don't think they'll be able to for a long, long time.

I don't think its a bad thing.

</quote>

haha! I think you should re-read this and tell me exactly what is good about anything you just stated. The idea of immigration isn't to be able to walk down the road and suddenly be in an asian "country" where people spit at you and call you white scum. I honestly find it despicable that you could come to another country to live and then call the nationals scum.
</post>
<post author="baldwin123" datetime="2011-04-15T19:05:00" id="p174">
<quote orig_author="dan9">
haha! I think you should re-read this and tell me exactly what is good about anything you just stated. The idea of immigration isn't to be able to walk down the road and suddenly be in an asian "country" where people spit at you and call you white scum. I honestly find it despicable that you could come to another country to live and then call the nationals scum.

</quote>

Well, don't worry mate, it's only Britain where it is allowed......Hold on a minute....Ohhhh sh**
</post>
