<post author="Tartarin" datetime="2003-05-23T12:22:00" id="p103">
I'm ambivalent about AA, Dag, in the following way: To say that AA is necessary because it's needed by certain people will inevitably (in my view) make those people feel alternately resentful and inferior. To tell the truth about AA -- which is that our society has failed in particular ways and this is the broad brush we're using pro tem to address that economic and social imbalance and failure -- that's okay with me.

But the underlying problem, underclassism -- in which (we are told)an underclass exists because IT has allegedly failed -- needs to be addressed straight through the culture and through a fresh look at the form of capitalism we subscribe to. Don't forget, capitalism NEEDS an underclass. Listen, I'm from a white, upper-middle-class, educated, yea privileged background, went to all the best private schools, and had parents who believed in "natural inferiority" (of others, of course!!). Top of the food chain. Then I lived a big chunk of my adult life outside of this country. When I came back, I was surprised at the extent and depth of the racism and underclassism in this country. It was all the more startling because it was not perceived by people who'd always lived here. On the contrary, we tell ourselves stories about the great old USA which precisely avoid facing that issue. I saw it -- and see it -- in our movies and TV dramas, in our language, in the ecology of our cities, in the ways we deal with each other socially -- B&amp;W, rich and poor -- and to a large extent in our educational system.

I agree with you wholeheartedly on the non-federal approach to this. Makes very good sense. But whatever happens, we need some national truth-telling, and we need to stop calling "them" the problem. The problem is US, through and through.

At some point during the mid to late sixties I was sitting, lucky me, on my little hilltop in Spain reading a copy of the New Yorker which opened with a kind of editorial about the racial situation in America at that time. Everything that the writer said rang bells with me -- Yes! I kept thinking, I remember! -- and then I came across a paragraph which made my heart sink and which I knew to be true. It said something like this: We're having race riots and protests and eventually all those things will simmer down, but what's not going to go away for many decades [unless we make a successful effort, the writer implied] will be the resentment and anger of a people who are right to feel those emotions. These resentments on the part of the minority are not going to go away even after a "reasonable period." They are with us for our lifetimes and beyond. The reason my heart sank was because I recognized, as an American, how deep racism and "underclassicism" is, and how right the statement was. So now we're into a period when so many (non-minority) people, born in the late sixties and later, are saying, What's wrong with these people? Why are they still so mad? And that in turn creates a whole new atmosphere of oppression for the rightfully resentful...

I remember the anti-gypsy attitudes and actions in Spain. I'd have to think about it, but there are different elements in that set of prejudices...
</post>
<post author="dagmaraka" datetime="2003-05-23T12:40:00" id="p104">
I fully and totally agree. Although I do see strong parallels between the position of some minorities (in particular areas, perhaps not in general) and the Gypsies. We also blame them. Racism is more overt over there, people and media will tell you that Gypsies don't work, because they are lazy, asocial, dirty, uneducatable... I believe there were similar sentiments some decades ago against blacks, and many surely still believe so, albeit not overtly.
Gypsies were not dragged in, but they were enslaved by the local lords anyway, for they were nomads and had no status. They were chased away from villages, forced to settle in isolated settlements, there were hunts organized against them - much more severe than the lynching cases, for they involved hundreds of them at a time. The goal was to chase down and kill as many as possible.
40 000 died in concentration camps during wwII just in Slovakia. In 1959 they were forcefully settled - moved into cement blocks of flats, given jobs against their will and traditions and culture (everybody had to work, that was the law). After the communism fell, they no longer had the knowledge of their traditional crafts - basket making, blacksmithing, et... and the guarantee of work withered away. Suddenly they were left with nothing - their culture severly degenerated by the intrusion of the communist state, most of them unemployed and unable to get employed, without access to education due to systemic seggregation, etc. And that is now.
So I believe comparisons are viable and inspiring, we can learn from mistakes and successes here in the U.S., but you can't compare the present Slovakia to present US, but to the U.S. fifty years ago. Our cities did not burn yet. They may, if nothing is done, and it may happen soon.

Sorry to rant about Gypsies so much, but there is so few that listen, I take my chances whenever i can.
</post>
<post author="cicerone imposter" datetime="2003-05-23T21:22:00" id="p105">
Scrat, You missed my point - entirely. c.i.
</post>
