<post author="spendius" datetime="2011-11-17T09:26:00" id="p364">
@ehBeth,

You can't compare OSD's stuff with mine. YSMC. He comes from a position I can't possibly understand and how well he presents that position can only be judged by those who come from the same position or feel they should do.

To say there is no debate is plainly ridiculous. It is you who is not debating because I put up a post and you haven't debated with it but instead reverted to blustering as if viewers here will thereby not notice your omission. I have thus proved you are not debating and you have only asserted that I'm not.

That I am talking to myself is proved false by my posts causing reactions. Your post proves a dialogue exists. As do many others. If you want to write both parts in a dialogue you should be writing plays. I'm writing my part because nobody says I can't. Whether anybody is reading it or taking any notice of it is not my concern.
</post>
<post author="Arella Mae" datetime="2011-11-17T10:26:00" id="p365">
@spendius,

I am the last person in this world who is ever going to accept being addicted to drugs is excusable in any way, shape, manner or form. Ted Bundy considered himself rather artistic too and he had a real propensity for sadistic rape and murder. Can you imagine what he would have been like had he also been addicted to drugs?

MJ, especially with all the resources at hand, should have found a way to straighten himself out. If he let other people dictate to him when he'd sing, etc., I am sorry, but that was his fault. He chose drugs to deal with whatever demons he had. He CHOSE them.

None of that has any bearing whatsoever on the fact that Dr. Murray CHOSE to compromise medical ethics and in doing so, someone died and now Dr. Murry will have to pay his consequences just like MJ did. Fortunately for Dr. Murray, he'll more than likely live through his experience. MJ didn't.
</post>
<post author="spendius" datetime="2011-11-17T12:27:00" id="p366">
@Arella Mae,

I've never heard of Ted Bundy and have no idea whether what you say about him is true or not. But it is rather a crude manner of disposing of his character you have chosen to adopt.

Anybody can talk about somebody straightening themselves out when they not only have no idea of the pressures MJ was under but are incapable of even conceiving what it is like to be living with them 24 hours a day.

My longer post earlier today was an attempt to explain why medical ethics could have been adhered to at the time the Propofol was administered. The best interests of the patient in all the circumstance might have been the consideration rather than the instructions on the bottle which are there to reduce the liability of the manufacturer and those who administer the drug in hospitals and which always err on the side of caution.

The post seems to have passed by your understanding. There was no sense in any of the evidence I have heard that any other explanation for illness other than physical causes could be allowed. Which is a mighty claim. A pedantic materialist position which suits lawyers because they can hardly begin to deal with mental causes. The latter are simply asserted to be nutty.

I used "could have" and "might" merely to suggest a doubt. The defence seems to me to have played on the prosecution's own field. There must have been some resentment in the LA legal establishment at Dr Murray choosing an out of town lawyer to lead his defence.
</post>
