<post author="mamamisch" datetime="2010-10-12T10:32:00" id="p8">
I changed schools (twice) for being picked on.

Once because of my sexual abuse - yes, kids were picking on me because I was sexually abused (talk about kids being ruthless little fuckers), which probably had something to do with some of their parents telling them not to hang out with me because I'm 'damaged goods' or something like that (I believe a lot of kids' ruthlessness has to do with their parents' attitudes and what they say).

Second time because I wore a back brace (this plastic/metal contraption that reached from my shoulders down to my butt that I wore under my clothes that made me 'look funny'). Some boys would punch me as hard as they could in my back because they thought I couldn't feel it. They almost knocked the breath out of me several times. At the other school, nobody did any of that... just made some ok jokes that I could deal with.

I never thought of killing myself. I wanted to 'disappear' though... I spent a lot of time thinking of disappearing. And a lot of time feeling guilt I shouldn't even feel... but that has to do more with the sexual abuse than with the kids being... dumb kids. I remember crying myself to sleep, I remember HATING school. I always had straight A's, but I hated school because of all the bullying.

Teachers should DEFINITELY keep an eye out for that and so should parents of those kids. If I heard my kid was bullying someone, I'd definitely make the kid understand that is never ok - it is never ok to make fun of someone for any reason.
</post>
<post author="veronicaanne" datetime="2010-10-12T10:36:00" id="p9">
I think the schools should look out for bullying and do what they can to stop it, but people can't rely on the school to do everything. In my house, I knew bullying wasn't acceptable. If I ever got in trouble at school, Lord help me when I got home.
</post>
<post author="KimMelton661" datetime="2010-10-12T10:37:00" id="p10">
The school can't prevent bullying.
Parents most likely can't either.

I guess the whole suck it up comment bugged me. You didnt say it wasn't sad, but the "tone" of your reply gave me a bad vibe. Of course suicide isn't good, but I wouldn't call the people who do commit suicide weak. They have psychological issues that bring this kind of thing on, just like people who are murderers. Their head isn't right, add in bullying, bad things like that are going to happen. I cry for their parents, my heart would shatter if Ethan hurt himself. It would shatter even more seeing someone type "suck it up".

Anyways, I'm done.
I will add though, the Facebook status was a tad immature. That's my opinion though. Carry on.
</post>
