<post author="ab7167" datetime="2009-12-23T15:02:00" id="p31">
Hi, I am in almost the same situation - next baby due 22/02, when DD will be 26 months. Was out buying christmas presents for her today, and was eyeing possible presents 'from' the baby. Looks like we are going to go for a Thomas Tank Engine train set, as she is mad for him at the moment. That and anything related to sharks...:confused:

This is an excellent thread - I have also bought OH a slow cooker for christmas (last of the true romantics me) so we can get into the habit of doing meals as and when we have time kids are relaxed and happy.

Have so much to worry about at the moment apart from baby coming that it hasn't really sunk in that I will have another one in 9 weeks... but lovely to consider what is going to happen - I have decided not to go for a double buggy, but opted to use baby bjorn from no.1 with no.2 in buggy if needed - she is not a bad walker, but if we are out and she decides she is not going to walk, that IS that - if I didn't have a buggy we would be pretty stuck. I also have a backpack, so can carry no.2 until it is 2 (we don't know sex yet), by which time no.1 WILL be walking everywhere! But like someone else on here, I have chosen a double one so if I need it, I can just go and get it rather than adding another thing to the list of things to worry about.:rolleyes:

And as for shopping - Sainsbury's home delivery has done us proud during this pregnancy and will be continued afterwards - I have pretty bad SPD and can't push a trolley (and shouldn't really be pushing a buggy, but needs must - trolley is less essential). Have to say it costs £5 for the delivery, but we can usually save at least that by eliminating the impulse buys and using mysupermarket.com to get the best deals on everything. Just another routine on Thursday evenings for delivery first thing Monday morning in our house.
</post>
<post author="jimjams mommy" datetime="2009-12-27T23:34:00" id="p32">
hi ab7167, christmas went well as I managed to be well rested which has realy helped my spd. sounds like were a few weeks apart with our due dates.

I am going for a buggie board as I not sure if its worth it getting a double. I going use up whats in my freezer and do some cooking for the freezer. I have a slow cooker which I need to use more and I need to do some basic cupboard items shopping.I never shop on line will start if need to. I brought one park of newborn tesco own brand of nappies for a few pound ( sorry baby brain and can't recall how much ) seemed so cheaper then when ds was little. Not sure if any good will let you know.

am gonna to get a little toy or something for DS from the baby. We don't know what were having as I like the surprize. I just need to park DS over night bag in case we need to drop him off in the night.

loads of advice here have claimed my nerves, thank you everyonex
</post>
