<post author="Chai" datetime="2006-07-10T06:37:00" id="p87">
Good Morning.

I only read up through page 2 so far, so if this has been addressed so far, sorry.

Re: Talking about the economics of raising minimum wage for employees at let's say a McDonalds or Walmart by.50 cents.

It's been said that the minimum wage worker can go to work for burger king, etc. if they are paying.50 cents more....In reality though, for someone make minimum wage, it might include the hardship of getting to a different place. The BK across the street may not be hiring when you want to switch. Buses cost money and time. Cars for minimum wage workers are a near luxury. Plus, what if you have to miss just one day of work between the change? At 5.00/hr, that's a loss of $40.00. It would take the worker 80 hours to make up missing one day of work. Switching jobs can be counterproductive to making more. What if the new place could not accommodate your schedule as well? What would you do about school, children etc?

Looking at the McDonalds website:
Worldwide they employee 1.5 million people, have 31,000 restaurants, and serve 47 million customers a day.

Taking out managers and corporate people, I cypher these really overkill numbers.....

45 employees at each store. (I'm sure there arent' that many at most)
40 hours a week for each employee. (Many/most don't work 40 hours)
1515 customers served daily is 10,612 a week.

The big increase per customer?....

17 cents.

Not even noticeable I'd say when you're ordering 5 to 10 dollars worth of food.

Sure there's an increase in employer social security tax and probably other costs I'm not considering, but still, I don't think the 17 cents per customer is way off the mark.

Looking at other large corps that pay minimum wage, I'd guess the effect would be the same.

Paying people more would encourage the corps to train their employees to work more efficiently....not picking on fast food restaurants, just using them as an example again...We've all been in the situation where we've watched 5 people stand behind the counter, and it takes forever to get a lousy hamburger. There is a Wendy's near where I work that must have super manager working there. I have NEVER seen such fast accurate service from ANYplace, let alone a fast food restaurant as this one. Sometimes, going through the drive through, you only stop your car out of courtesy....Actually one time, as I paid, the next guy was already hanging my bag out the window ahead....joking, I actually didn't even stop my car, I just coasted through, grabbed the bag, calling to the guy "You're too fast!" Made him laugh too.

There's a lot of wasted time out there. For the 50 cents an hour extra, more customer service would be expected and given, increasing customer satisfaction, increasing the number of customers coming back....increasing revenue...it's a win/win.
</post>
<post author="JPB" datetime="2006-07-10T09:20:00" id="p88">
Something that hasn't been addressed so far in this thread is wage inflation beyond the minimum wage employee. Minimum wage jobs have historically been considered as entry-level jobs with the hope of advancing into better pay with time and experience. The trickle-up effect of increasing the minimum wage applies to everyone on the payscale grid.

If you've been working at minimum wage for a couple years and have moved into a better paying job then chances are your going to expect a wage increase once the minimum wage increases to maintain your well-earned compensation gap above the entry-level employee. It keeps going up from there.

I wish everyone could make a living wage, but I don't see it happening. Increasing the EITC is one way to put more buying power in the hands of those who need it most at the expense of those who can afford it.
</post>
<post author="cicerone imposter" datetime="2006-07-10T10:43:00" id="p89">
Although the topic is "minimum wage," we have many retired seniors that must choose between food, shelter, or needed drugs.

The poor who live from paycheck to paycheck, and cannot save for their retirement will eventually become the senior poor.

As I've said, this topic is a complex one with many variables that cannot be answered by generalities.
</post>
<post author="cicerone imposter" datetime="2006-07-10T10:47:00" id="p90">
I borrowed this from Walter on another thread:

From an opinion in today's Chicago Tribune (page 13) by Clarence Page:

Quote:
[...]
President Bush used to proclaim that illegal immigrants were taking "jobs Americans don't want." He more recently adjusted his rhetoric to refer more accurately to "jobs Americans are not taking." If the jobs paid more, more Americans probably would take them. But that runs the risk of reducing profits for employers or raising prices for consumers. Rather than risk a price hike for lettuce, many Americans prefer to look the other way. The result is what I call a make-believe immigration policy of laws that few people feel bound to respect.
[...]
The very fact that the hearings are being held around the country is a signal that we are probably not going to see any reconciliation of the two bills into something Bush can sign this year. By the time the hearings are over, it will be fall and time for midterm election campaigns to begin, which is a time when nothing of consequence happens in Congress.

Meanwhile, the burdens that our make-believe immigration policy imposes on low-wage earners, immigrant and nonimmigrant alike, continue. Their labors are devalued in a crowded labor market. The gap between highest and lowest earners continues to grow as the real income of low-wage earners continues to stagnate.

Raising the minimum wage would help, just for starters. Raising the Earned Income Tax Credit would help more.
[...]

Online (full version): They're illegal when we say so
</post>
