<post author="TooSad" datetime="2011-06-02T22:41:00" id="p24">
Hugs to both motherofstudents and bogofbabe. It's 15 long sad months since I lost my darling mum. I totally understand your need to keep busy, one thing I have learnt the hard way; having been diagnosed with depression in recent weeks, is be kind to yourself and allow yourself the time and space to do whatever you feel you want/need to. When mum died I threw myself back into work as is was a distraction I didn't have time to think about my loss and emptiness. I wish in the months that followed mums death I had been kinder to myself and maybe I wouldn't be in the dark place I found myself.

Do keep posting, I'm sure you will find a lot if love and support on here xxxx
</post>
<post author="murphydog999" datetime="2011-06-02T22:41:00" id="p25">
Just to add my condolences to you both, it's hard to bear the loss, and the only thing you can do is take one day at a time and not worry about a situation that hasn't arisen yet.

Yes, mothers are irreplaceable, there is nothing else like a mothers love; I lost mine when I was 11 (she was only 36) and feel really-hard- done by/angry/sad that I've missed out on what is a really special bond. Make the most of mums, you'll miss them when they are gone.
</post>
<post author="motherofstudents" datetime="2011-06-03T00:40:00" id="p26">
I just came back to this thread after my friend left..I have to say I am quite overwhelmed at all the replies and I have taken some comfort from each one. Sorry bogof too, I will think of you on Weds. We arranged the funeral for next Thursday at 12.00 in church and 1pm at the crematorium. It would be lovely to know people are thinking of us. Every little bit helps. I know it's going to be a long hard slog but I am grateful to my mum for preparing us for the inevitable. She told me to make sure my boys didn't get too upset and she told them to look after me. In fact everyone who has phoned me has had a little story to tell about when she helped them, some things I didn't even know about till now. When my dad died, I helped everyone through it but never stopped to grieve myself and it eventually caught up with me. This time I am letting it out when I can. I have found a photo of mum when she was about 18 and she looks really beautiful. I think that is helping to replace the last image of her in hospital. They only use part of the eye for transplant but they do remove the whole eyes and can use them for teaching or research. They said they would reconstruct. The friend who came to see me tonight lost her mum when she was only 16 and I tried to help her then as she is helping me now. Btw, my mum was 87 so yes, only a youngster. I would love to be able to be a hospital visitor or something like that but of course I am far from ready to do it now. I feel quite good now but I know that can change in seconds. The smallest thing can trigger the tears but my brother came today and we laughed a lot too. It does feel a bit like a roller coaster of emotions at the moment, one minute laughing, the next sobbing. It still doesn't feel real. I feel I am still in shock. I get a feeling of panic whenever I think of what's happened. I want to say a real genuine thank you to everyone for taking the time to try and help.
</post>
