<post author="snowedunderitall" datetime="2009-12-04T21:50:00" id="p151">
Ok well too late anyone who might read this as I sent it anyways.

I think I need to know. I don't know entirely what she is going to say to it. Our other friends tend to follow her lead (which is why I've been shut out, on her bidding). I have a feeling the potential loss of earnings (I tried not to make my text sound like a threat of ending our contract, more like I wanted to put our friendship first, did it come across that way) might spur her into being friendly, if it doesn't then I will well and truly know we have no friendship left. On the otherhand I know I will be able to tell if our friendship is salvageable or if she's doing it for the work, she's quite an easy person normally to read.

This isn't making my self esteem sound too fantastic, I know. I guess it's just important I know where I stand.

I did look at driving lessons, I have a choice of what appears to be one company in the entirety of about a 50 mile radius (automatic.) Oh well, at least there's one.

And now I'm suddenly wondering if I should have sent the text. If the end result isn't good, at least I know I need to stay well clear of facebook for the forceable future.
</post>
<post author="alyth" datetime="2009-12-04T21:55:00" id="p152">
I think in the nicest possible way you are coming across as needy to your friends. Stay Together makes a very good point, you have to love yourself before anyone will love you - that includes friends as well as any possible future relationship.

It sounds like schoolground stuff, your friend leads others to block you out. You are better than people like that! Sure she's your childminder, keep the relationship on a business footing and work at making a life for yourself - and your kids.

And Facebook is just evil, it's how I found out ex was having an affair!

Seriously though, calm yourself down, get on with your new life, whatever you choose to do, never ever worry about what people think of you.

And I would suggest that you leave dating for a while.......sort yourself and your life out (I mean that nicely!) and don't get involved with men until you are happy within yourself.
</post>
<post author="miamoo" datetime="2009-12-04T22:04:00" id="p153">
Personally I would of sent the txt aswell. If I had a friend that became my childminder I would expect her to act like a mature adult, and if the friendship with you fails fair enough, you both make new friends but how she is acting towards you sounds a bit petty. I hope she replies with the answer you want. If she doesn't and its making you this unhappy then find a new childminder.
</post>
<post author="BitterAndTwisted" datetime="2009-12-04T22:07:00" id="p154">
Darling, I would advise in the strongest possible terms not to commit your thoughts and qustions about this friendship to a text message. SO many, many ways this could be misunderstood or misinterpreted or even misconstrued and repeated elsewhere. If you need clarity and/or an explanation of why this person is no longer behaving like a friend it's really only something you should do face-to-face, looking her straight in the eyes. If it all comes to a head you also risk losing her as a childminder as well as a friend, although it sounds to me like the friendship has been ended by her already. Usually when people behave in such a way, I think the perpetrators are victims of some sort of arrested emotional development. Competent adults don't generally behave in such an infantile way, and are to be pitied imo

ETA: Damn! Too late
</post>
