<post author="worriedsik" datetime="2010-04-11T20:13:00" id="p9">
Mambo69
Sorry to hear about your wifes health, i was in a similiar situation in 1991 before i had to leave the profession ( i worked in geriatrics within the NHS ) and i was in so much pain that i asked for the occupational health over and over again but she never appeared !
I used to cry before going on a shift as i was in so much pain, i just kept going to work hoping that the OH would see me but she never did.
I had to actually walk out off the ward one day because i was so ill &amp; i never went back, i was on the sick for 6 months paid and then half pay ( something like that i cannot remember )
I used to be called into work for a meeting with the nursing officer every now and again when she would ask me ''when are you coming back to work'' i said i didnt know as it was up to my doctor who wouldn't sighn me off.
This carried on for a year and then the NHS eventually asked me if i should maybee leave on grounds off ill health ? i asked them at the time could they give me a lighter job but they said they didnt have any ! ( i dont think they could do that now ) i never had a day off in all the years i worked and felt that i was thrown on the scarp heap, i got industrial injuries and incapacity benefit.
I have only this week got the results from a blood test HLA B27 posative and i have ankylosing spondylitis iam a bit shocked but strangely relieved.
I think i have had this from my early 20's &amp; it has gradually gotton worse and probably due to misdiagnosis.
Iam wating for my apointment to see my rheumatology and iam desperate to see her as iam sick off being ill and in pain along with other problems which i think are related !
sorry dont mean to highjack your thread but i hope your wife gets properly diagnosed because iam actually feeling very angry right now, i have had more tablets over the years than i care to mention including acupuncture, steroid injections, phsio and not to mention the financial burden this has had on me.
I can deff relate to what the above posters are saying iam constantly getting some sort off infection or cold, constantly fatigued &amp; i feel like an old lady at 48 so anybody who has this ankylosing spondylitis please feel free to give me any tips because iam running out off ideas !
</post>
<post author="worriedsik" datetime="2010-04-11T20:20:00" id="p10">
Sorry...just read my post back and it sounds so negative, iam sure there will be some help once a proper diagnoses is made, and now that mine finally is iam looking forward to being treated properly.
I also want to add that i was working constantly for the 15yrs but only the final 1 yr with the NHS so i dont know if i would have been entitled to any redundancy as i had a break with the NHS when i went into a private nursing home to work then back into the NHS for that last year when i got really bad
sorry rambeling now lol
</post>
<post author="kingfisherblue" datetime="2010-04-11T21:44:00" id="p11">
I agree with the other posters who suggest that your wife makes an appoimntment with her doctor to review her medication. I, too, have arthritis, but I am unable to take any NSAIDs as I am severely allergic to them (and carry Epipens). I am also unable to use most of the heat rub treatments due to allergies. Instead, I manage with co-codomol, massage and hot wheatgerm bags. Not ideal, but in the absence of any better ideas from my doctor, it's better than nothing (just!)
</post>
<post author="mambo69" datetime="2010-04-12T08:17:00" id="p12">
She is seeing her doctor on Wednesday so will mention that the drugs dont work. Apparently when she takes them in the morning they give some relief but as the day wears on it becomes less noticeable
</post>
