<post author="Wolfman" datetime="2007-06-25T02:42:00" id="p147">
Yes, there are, historically, different cultural groups that have had similar practices; but the Mosuo are the only one that I'm familiar with in which this is still a common cultural practice. Missionaries (as you pointed out) have been a major cause of the loss of such cultures, as has simple cultural imperialism. Or just the plain, anonymous forces of contact with other cultures over time. When Westerners first arrived in Fiji, they found a culture in which women were expected not only to have sex, but to bear a child, before they could get married (thus proving that they were capable of bearing children). Within their own culture, this worked well; but with outside contact, not only did visiting sailors treat them as little better than whores, but also were the cause of the rapid spread of STDs that decimated the local population. Women were also much more powerful. Today, little of that original culture remains.

I've had inquiries from Polynesian territories, from Fiji, from North American natives...all talking about how their cultures used to be similar to this, but today are not (or perhaps only have a few people still practicing it). This is one of the reasons this project is so important to me...at best, to prevent this culture from being destroyed the way so many others have; at worst, to at least be able to study and preserve it for future generations.

Consider, there are Native American cultures that had practices similar to this...but today, for those Native Americans who want to learn more about their history, heritage, etc., there is the incredible frustration of finding that most of it is lost forever, beyond reclamation, because no accurate records were made (or preserved).

I'm fully aware -- and so are the Mosuo in our committee -- that we may not succeed in actually "saving" the Mosuo culture; in fact, as I've mentioned elsewhere, it is pretty much inevitable that the culture is going to change to at least some degree. If we can save it, that's wonderful; if not, we can at least do whatever we can to record it for posterity. This isn't just the heritage of the Mosuo people...it is part of our human heritage, a piece of the puzzle about who we are, and how we behave. It pushes us to challenge our own cultural assumptions about what is "normal".

I would love it if I could find people who are from cultures that have (or have had) similar customs would get involved with us; they might be able to provide more insights from the perspectives of people to whom such behavior doesn't seem so 'strange' or 'different'.
</post>
<post author="FSM" datetime="2007-06-29T19:33:00" id="p148">
Thank you for the interesting discussion of your work-- you describe it so well that it was almost like watching a movie. I am intensely interested now in this group of extraordinary people.

I am new to posting here, so I know, I KNOW I should probably just shut up for a while until I get the lay of the land better, but I am dying with curiosity--- please tell me if my question is rude, or too inappropriately personal and I will absolutely not mind at all... All right, here goes:

How have the women responded to you personally being in the community? Have any of them extended a 'walking marriage' to you? Since you were given a family name, would it be acceptable for the women to have a relationship with you? (Not that I think it would be something you would do in light of the STD discussion earlier...) But I am very curious about YOUR effect on the women there.

Again, feel free to ask me to shut up.

Thank you for your fantastic information and I wish you the best in the future.
</post>
