<post author="McTag" datetime="2005-09-23T07:45:00" id="p350">
This was discussed by knowledgeable people here on the radio this morning. People who read the latest scientific papers.

It is now thought that global warming may affect the intensity of the biggest tropical storms. It is not thought to affect the frequency of the storms.
Evidence for both, however, is as yet insufficient.

Here's another, unrelated, topic: I noticed that in the last storm aftermath pictures of Biloxi, everything was smashed flat and removed by the wind and water except for a large brick-built church building.
Are construction standards sufficient? Should buildings on the gulf coast be made heavier and stronger?
</post>
<post author="blatham" datetime="2005-09-23T08:37:00" id="p351">
hi McT

Yes, storm intensity increase coming as a result of warmer ocean water is the relevant matter it seems.

As to the other issue, it might just be cheaper to make all buildings churches then god wouldn't dare.
</post>
<post author="georgeob1" datetime="2005-09-23T10:41:00" id="p352">
Well I was a bit testy with Walter. Moreover I'll admit to a little impatience with the enduring taste of Brits and other Europeans for the Medieval honorifics with which they lace the enduring hierarchy of their social structures.

However, with respect to the hurricanes, I am on firm ground and they are not.

There are so many factors that have made meaningful contributions to the recent sad events, and all of them are so vastly more significant than the "probability that global warming contributed to the intensity of the storms", that reaching down into such relatively trivial matters in the midst of this all too real himan disaster, obviously to make a rather spiteful political point, is indeed very offensive - offensive for him to say it; offensive for Walter to post it here; and offensive for Blatham to endorse it.

First there is the probabilistic factor: there are many super intense hurricanes, but most of them dissipate without a landfall, and most of those that do make a landfall hit unpopulated areas. Second there are the well-known thirty and twelve year cycles in the location, intensity, and frequency of these storms caused by large-scale cyclic shifts in oceanic currents. Third there is the probably unwise wholesale development of the shoreline property on the Gulf Coast, from Twxas to Florida that has occurred over the last thirty years. What just a few decades ago was a mostly empty coastline of pristine white beaches, wetlands, tidal backwaters, and southern forrest has become a near continuous city in an amazingly short tiome. Fourth there is the simple fact that we are emerging from a predictable twelve year period of ununsually low hurricane activity, with a particuylarly low incidence of powerful storms into one of equally predictable greater incidence and intensity. (Odd that no one suggested the recent low occurrance of hurricanes was evidence against global warming.) Fifth there is the obvious fact that the greatest damage was the result of inept urban planning and land use management by local government in Louisiana over an extended period of time.

There are other important factors as well - all vastly more likely and significant in the result than the possibility that global warming has contributed some infinitesmal increment to the power of this storm.

To single out this point, while ignoring all the others and them put it in the context of a political dispute, and one with such obvious cultural overtones is hardly the act of a distinguished scientist acting on principle.

My point and my distaste for the religious certainty of the slavish followers of contemporary correct poilitical "thought" both stand unaffected.
</post>
