<post author="Hazlitt" datetime="2004-11-18T17:27:00" id="p10">
Embryos
Boomerang,

My understanding is that a person seeking the services of a fertility clinic signs a contract stipulating that the clinic will store all surplus embryos as long as the client pays the storage fee. If the client stops paying, which frequently happens, the clinic, after a diligent search for the client, can discard the embryos.

In actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits. This is an area not tested in the courts.

I doubt that the religious people would be satisfied with a law casting the medical use of an embryo as an organ donation. Their point is that the embryo is a human being and is therefore subject to all the rights and protections of the constitution. In their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.
</post>
<post author="dare2think" datetime="2004-11-19T11:00:00" id="p11">
boomerang, I am all for stem cell research, I am extremely happy that we voted for it here in California on Novemebr 2, I am so proud of my fellow Californians.
The fundamentalists are fanatical, in my opinion.
</post>
<post author="boomerang" datetime="2004-11-19T14:59:00" id="p12">
I had a chance to do a little reading on the subject yesterday. It seems that many embryos are donated from fertility labs for research. Finding out what kind of research was a different matter altogether - I couldn't find anything on it -- yet.

There are apparently several options - keep them frozen (in which future viability of the embryo is not a given), disposal (by a variety of methods), donation (for research or adoption) and take-home (for god knows what).

I can understand why many clinics are afraid of lawsuits. It certainly does present some ethical problems. All life and death medical decision do, in my opinion.

I come from a line of people who are very pragmatic about dying. I've argued before (to the outrage of some) that we should always assume people want to donate their organs and make them sign something if they DON'T want to. My father did a whole body donation when he died -- too late to help him, maybe not too late to help others. I suppose that is one of the reasons I see this whole stem cell thing as so weird. Who in their right mind would chose not to help, if they could help in any way?

California should be proud of itself! That is one investment that will most certainly pay off.
</post>
<post author="Lady J" datetime="2004-11-19T16:29:00" id="p13">
I am also a Californian who voted in favor of Proposition 71. All politics aside, it was THE most important issue on the ballot as far as I was concerned. Like dare2think, I am also incredibly proud of my fellow Californians that supported this measure. I am also proud of our governor, being a Republican, coming out in strong support of Stem Cell research, even when it goes against the grain of his political party for the most part He is at least smart enough to see that the few lines granted by the Federal government are not nearly enough.

Boomerang, I love your concept of treating the frozen embryos as transplantable, viable options. It wasn't long ago, my daughter and I were talking about this same subject and I mentioned to her that I would create a ton of test tube blastocysts to donate to stem cell research if I knew that it was allowed. I wouldn't be asking for anything in return but the chance to improve life for others.
</post>
<post author="boomerang" datetime="2004-11-19T16:53:00" id="p14">
Swartzenegar (spelling?) seems to be a pretty moderate Republican, Lady J. I typically approve of moderation in all things. I think Californias might have shown that there is a lot of support for this research.

I know that there is no way to ever convince everyone about stem cell research but I think this is a good argument that I haven't really heard. It might persuade a few people to rethink their position.

One of the big stumbling blocks might be that people who do have to use fertility clinics don't take their fertility for granted which makes this "offspring" a bit more problematic emotionally.

It would be interesting to hear from anyone who had undergone IVF and from anyone in the anti-stem cell research camp.

I thought about taking Phoneix's advice and turning my thoughts into a letter to the editor or a "My Turn" essay for Newsweek or something but the more I read the more I realized that the amount of research required is beyond me. However, I might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because I do think it has merit.
</post>
