<post author="MilaneseCat" datetime="2011-03-27T17:04:00" id="p57">
<quote orig_author="AreYouDizzeeBlud_x">
Is it only me that believes this?

We're facing cuts to build for the future yet these people only care about themselves without thinking about the long term impact if we never had cuts now.

Its not only that but the fact that these cuts are not going to leave people in severe poverty or leave people struggling, yes they may have to budget a bit better, yes they may have to go without a luxury now and then that they could have previously afforded, but those are issues we all have to face together.

In my opinion these people should be thankful that there is welfare in place that they can always fall back on, if the worst comes to the worst and that they will always have a roof over their heads, food on the table and clothes to keep them warm.

These people are massively over exaggerating the impact of these cuts. There are people in the world struggling to survive every day who do not cause the mayhem that they have done today.

To me its just a larger scale of ' the spoilt brat that attention seeks in order to get their own way '.

Also, I can bet a lot of them are also the same people who blasted students for standing up against the tuition fee increase which was a lot more important. The tuition fee increase means people who want to go to university have to now take on board that they could have a massive amount of debt for the rest of their working lives. These cuts are not as severe, in any way at all.

Okay, a lot of public sector jobs are being cut. However, that's Labours fault. They were the one who created occupations that weren't needed and didn't manage the public sector in the right way. I find it hypocritical of Miliband to slate the coalition yet its his own parties wrong doing that led to the mess in the first place. Now the coalition are trying to deal with this mess, they are trying to use it against them.

Where were these people when Topshop and Vodafone were let off a massive tax bill? Nowhere to be seen because it didn't affect them on a personal level so they didn't care. Now the cuts may affect them due to them or relatives working in the public sector they care. Selfishness in my opinion.

Japan has just gone through hell due to a natural disaster. People over there are struggling massively and living in poverty near enough yet over here people are in a far better position yet they still moan and expect more and more without realising why things need to be done as they lack any economic understanding.

I also cannot stand how the media constantly use the word poor in this country. No one in this country is poor, not even those on the dole. They have sufficient enough money to live on and thats it. They have a roof put over their head by the taxpayer, they can claim money to spend on food and clothes as well. Poor is when you're struggling massively to be able to feed yourself. They are not poor. If they think they are then they seriously want to look at the people living in Eastern Europe still working in agriculture to live and count themselves lucky that in Britain they no longer need to do that to survive.

I'm by no means a fan of the coalition or any of the parties in the UK but I believe that the coalition have done the right thing by addressing the absurd levels of money being wasted in the public sector.

Seriously, people want to wake up and realise how fortunate we are that we do not live in a third world country and even with the harshest of cuts we can still depend on welfare. Some of the people in this country would be in for a serious shock had they been born in another country. The amount of greed and want is absurd.

Plus no one even mentions the positives such as simplifying the tax system which in the long term will lead to less administration costs and funding for science facilities, 12 university technical colleges and more apprenticeships.

Why don't they consider these? because of greed and selfish interests. Those same people should spare a moment for those in really bad situations and reflect on how lucky they are to be in the United Kingdom.

</quote>

Can you give me the number of your crack dealer? Seriously, if I could compose rants like this while high, I need to get in on dat s***!
</post>
<post author="lawology" datetime="2011-03-27T17:10:00" id="p58">
<quote orig_author="AreYouDizzeeBlud_x">
thrown out on the street?

if you lose your job in this country you can claim JSA.

Therefore, you will always have a roof over your head and money to feed yourself.

Why do people exaggerate?

T here are people living in far worse conditions in other parts of the world.

</quote>

There will always be someone worse off than yourself so that's a rather silly stance to take if you ask me (and yes, before you say anything, I know you didn't). If we applied your point then only one person in the entire world would be allowed to complain.
</post>
<post author="AreYouDizzeeBlud_x" datetime="2011-03-27T17:30:00" id="p59">
<quote orig_author="Barden">
People like you, who blindly believe Tory propaganda and thus got them into power, are what is wrong with this country.

</quote>

im not a Tory supporter you idiot.

I dont believe any politicians to be honest but the fact is we have a Tory government, even as it is with the coalition.

No point moaning about it. Just deal with it and make your voices heard at the next election.

Do you honestly believe throwing a hissy fit in London and destroying property is going to benefit this country in the long run? no!
</post>
