<post author="Sofia" datetime="2003-05-03T14:56:00" id="p21">
snood--

That was a great peice of writing, and I'm glad you shared it here. I had seen it elsewhere.

To me, it makes the argument why AA was necessary, but many who believed it was vital, now believe it has gone far in accomplishing it's mission and the time has come to adjust to the more even playing field.

How long do you think AA should stay in place?
</post>
<post author="ehBeth" datetime="2003-05-03T15:55:00" id="p22">
sofia - what i have seen as i travel and work in Michigan in particular leads me to believe that Affirmative Action is barely acknowledged. The playing field does not appear to be anywhere near level. As the author of the article Snood posted indicated, the playing field is still overly white-friendly.
</post>
<post author="dyslexia" datetime="2003-05-03T16:00:00" id="p23">
the use of ether as a sedative for surgery had many deficits but it continued in use until something better was discovered.
</post>
<post author="Tartarin" datetime="2003-05-04T13:52:00" id="p24">
I thought I'd posted a screed in this forum but it disappeared, I guess, or I dreamed the whole thing. But in coming back and reviewing posts, I find myself once again in complete agreement with Dys and with Snood's quote. What I thought I had written was:

Affirmative action is the result of a wholly unequal (and, god knows, underfunded, unimaginative, and underchallenging) educational system K-12. In that sense, affirmative action has got to go, but not before the fish take a look at the water they're swimming in and do something about a mostly white, middle-class culture which a) positively encourages the devaluation of education (due in part to: hey, where're ya gonna find your cheap labor...); b) shrugs at the notion of providing first-rate schools and INCENTIVES in all communities in all parts of the country (we can't afford that and anyway They don't take advantage of them); and c) has come to view education as a purely economic tool.

Affirmative action is a symptom of failure, but until we turn that failure around, we have no right to remove a form of redress, little and late though it is.

"Racial preference" is one of those code phrases coming out of the Right. The only preference I've ever seen regularly applied in this country is on behalf of whites.
</post>
<post author="donlasv" datetime="2003-05-04T23:21:00" id="p25">
Where to begin with all the questionable statements in this discussion?

Tartarin says "racial preference" is a code phrase from the Right and that the only preference he's seen is on behalf of whites.

A racial preference is an advantage given to members of a racial group because they are members of that group. Two examples: Blacks given extra points (as at U of Mich.) because they identify themselves as blacks. Some govt contracts awarded to blacks because they are black. I personally know of 2 people who told me that is why they got their contracts. (Construction and research)
What is meant by "code phrase" ???

Tartarin says AA is the result of a wholly unequal educational system (k-12) and blames the "white middle-class" culture. I wish he would give concrete examples of this.
I also believe the public schools are a mess. When I went to high school with 1/3 blacks, we all worked hard and succeeded. Our HS didn't look at all like Boston Public (on TV). What happened??
First, no discipline. Political correctness, liberal guilt, NEA captured by Democratic politics, more administrators. These come to mind. Can Tartarin add more??
Both black and white parents value education.

I do know it is liberal dems who oppose school vouchers for poor black and white parents to enjoy some of the advantages that rich people have. Are the teachers who oppose vouchers the "white, middle-class" that Tartarin refers to???

Is it the white culture that tells young blacks they cannot succeed because of the racist society?
BTW, my granddaughter who is in first grade now reads at 4th grade level. Her mother is white and her father is black. Any comments, Tartarin??
</post>
<post author="donlasv" datetime="2003-05-04T23:55:00" id="p26">
Article quoted by snood
Sofia.
Your comments have been generally "on the money". Attending community college is a strategy used by both blacks, whites, hispanics, etc. You are so right.

Your final question in your last post: "When will Affirmative action end?" is also very good. Don't expect an answer from those who like AA.

The answer, of course, is never!! Your question indicates that you believe AA is to make up for past wrongs or injustices -- such wrongs as exist in the eyes or minds of AA supporters. NO. The new doctrine is "diversity" which means that organizations (colleges, businesses, etc.) should consist of members of different favored groups. Hispanics, many of whom came here voluntarily, want their extra points along with blacks just so the total group will be "diverse".
The society is now viewed as a battleground, not for individual rights, but for group rights.

This is in violation of the 14th ammendment which gives equal protection to individuals. Of course this means little to liberals like Sen. Biden who said on TV that Martin Luther King's statement --that people should be judged by their character and not the color of their skin --was archaic.

Why do you think that the Dems won't allow even a vote on some of Bush's judge appointments.?

However, your first statement about the article given by Snood was off the money. The article is garbage.
</post>
<post author="blatham" datetime="2003-05-05T08:08:00" id="p27">
donlasv

At the head of the thread, I made the request that folks do a careful reading of Dworkin's essay, and then comment regarding the arguments advanced there.
</post>
