<post author="Chai" datetime="2007-09-24T06:22:00" id="p1">
Has anyone here had any personal experience with them?

I'm going to be looking into buying a pair. Haven't even tried a pair on yet.

Chung Shi's are an athletic shoe that is supposed to assist in muscle use alignment, and balance. While wearing them, it's supposed to work your core muscles and assist you in maintaing proper balance and posture.

As some of you know, I'm finishing up a series of 10 Rolfing sessions (structural intergration) and it has done marvelous things for my entire body. As the weather cools here, I'm looking forwards to walking the trails, and would like to be able to properly use my body during all activities.

These shoes are pretty pricey ($250 and up), but, I just received a $50 visa gift card, and got a refund check from somewhere for $100, so, I'm thinking of splurging on myself for once.

Anyone?
</post>
<post author="Ragman" datetime="2007-09-24T16:12:00" id="p2">
Personally (being a former runner) I think it's another one of a series of over-hyped fads. A well made premium running, walking or athletic shoe that suits your particular running gait (pronation or supination) will suffice for exercise.

There are some quite excellent premium athletic shoes for half the price.

While this shoe corrects with an "unique uneven sole to encourage the correct walking gait," it can create a problem as your walking gait has been established as a habit for many years. It can cause the wearer imbalance as the body attempts to adjust to the "walking uphill".

From a product comparison survey comes this warning:"...Cramp and numbness reported to have developed on occasions."

<a href="http://www.lovethoseshoes.com/InfoAdvice/WhichTrainer.asp">http://www.lovethoseshoes.com/InfoAdvice/WhichTrainer.asp</a>

Here's another thing to ponder: if you walk at all in high heel shoes then you would be in effect defeating the therapeutic effects of the time spent in these "miracle shoes".

Before I'd invest my hard-earned cash in a shoe that is double the cost, I'd see a Sports Orthopaedist and see whether or not I could benefit from a custom-made orthotic. That will help out far better than a fancy new shoe that is made for the mass consumer market. In fact, a shoe that claims to correct your gait could potentially even hurt your running/walking gait. That is what sports Orthopaedist are there for -- to advise you and make life easier for your exercise regimen-- preventing injuries and pain.

From a Chung-shi web marketing site:

"Level one is the COMFORT range design with a 15% angle which is more suitable for beginners or people with joint and back problem and because of the styling of the shoes could be worn all day for work.

Level two is the Balance Step range which has a 20% angle and feel more extreme really working the muscles harder suitable for power walking and improving body tone and fitness levels."

Wow...that's a big incline. I'd ask the advice of an Orthopaedist, for sure!

Furthermore it states: "recommend that the shoes are only worn for approximately 20 minutes a day, gradually building up until you can wear them for longer periods. At first the shoes do feel a little strange and the reflexology bar can feel quite pronounced, however it is amazing how quickly the body can adapt and they soon feel quite natural. "

If it felt really natural, it would feel good right away. Is this common sense? Your body can also adapt to pain quickly, too.

Many people tried to adapt their bodies to the "negative heel technology" in those 1970s "Earth Shoes". Some folks caused lots of trips to the doctor as people caused themselves pain CREATING a gait problem where there wasn't one --- making adjustment of the "natural" alignment.

If you want to try the negative heel technology at half the price the current "Earth Energetics" seems to garner positive comments:

"...their {mbt and Chung-shi shoes} over two-hundred-dollar price tag, plus the fact that some reviewer said Earth shoes had the same negative heel technology for a much lower price, convinced me to buy a pair of Earth Energetics. I put them on the afternoon they were delivered. I must admit that it took a bit of getting used to as it felt as though I was walking uphill. Luckily, that passed quickly and I began using them while on the treadmill the next morning. I now walk two miles every single day in them and that is with my treadmill fully inclined. I love the Earth shoes so much that I bought several other styles for every day wear. I have had a problem knee in the past and found that wearing the Earth shoes seemed to prevent the occasional flare-up of pain and swelling I used to get if I overdid it. I recently ordered my second pair of Energetics as I had put hundreds of miles on that first pair, and I read somewhere that you should replace your athletic shoes after 500 miles."

Take the advice of a guy who has experienced knee and back problems and was helped immensely by custom made orthotics and a good Orthopedic MD's checkups.
</post>
