<post author="neil" datetime="2004-04-15T11:35:00" id="p7">
My yard is about capacity with trees as is about 1/2 of Florida. If most of us eat less beef and mutton, some of the cattle grazing land could be planted in trees. Swampy places can't grow much but cyprus trees which are better than grass. We probably should not drain 1% of the remaining swamp per year. If we grow biomass for methane, ethanol or other energy, we will be removing trees. That seems counter-productive, but it would give potential for doubling food production (by abandoning the biomass) Think of it as a soil bank which could save billions of lives if the average food yield is reduced by any of many catastrophes, so we should do pilot programs in several kinds of biomass.
integrating an electric power plant, electrolysis of salt water (evaporative concentrating ponds?) glass plant and titanium facility with the sodium hydroxide removing the carbon dioxide from air, would surely reduce the cost (with good engineering) Has such complex symbiotic engineering often worked well? I had forgotten that sodium hydroxide can be made by electrolysis. Is several percent of the world's sodium hydroxide presently made by electrolysis? Perhaps bleach = clorox could capture the carbon dioxide. Would large amounts of hydrogen chloride and chlorine gas pollute the air? Will sodium hypochlorite react with carbon dioxide to make sodium carbonate? Would 1% sodium hypochlorite damage the glass? i'm thinking costs are lower if we can avoid separating. Perhaps glass is better made with sodium hydroxide/ then we would not need to deal with hot carbon dioxide or vent it into the atmosphere? Would a vast array of other sulphates (from the slightly contaminated sulphuric acid) complicate the production of titanium oxide? Is 4% acid strong enough to treat the sand economically? If all else fails we can make hydrogen out of 4% sulphuric acid and scrap metal. Neil
</post>
<post author="farmerman" datetime="2004-04-15T14:47:00" id="p8">
I missed the acid strength for the H2SO 4, The TiO2 process needs fuming (concentrated ) sulfuric. The reason I chose a beach was to supply the sand for the glass. The Ti was a byproduct cleaned from the sand.

As far as the NaOH, I believe that much, if not most of the NAOH is made by the chloralkali process. Its energy intensive but in the US much of it is made by hydropower in and around Niagara Falls. What to do with the hypochlorite, hmmmm. Its a chlorine source for chloranilines and other chlororganics (also needs power).
This is getting energy intensive, sort of like the Aswaan high dam. It was first created to supply power to a rural power grid. Now, and shortly after the dam was built, much of the power is diverted to make fertilizers to amend the soils around the Nile below the dam because the
Aswan has cut off the annual floods of silt which originally was natures fertilizer. The silt now piles up behind the dam and causes great stresses on the dam walls whhich will have to be mucked out to prevent a major failure. However, all these "feel good"ublic works projects that governments undertake get to be circular and counter productive after a while.

There are a number of symbiont plant complexes all over the world. Most famous are oil refineries, petrochem and fertilizer plants which are co located. My experience, in dealing with Ti, is the Ti plant is usually co located with a sulfuric acid plant and a sulfur dome from a desulfuring operation in petroleum. Many of these are in the south. The off products of many industries are the feedstocks of an
other.
</post>
<post author="neil" datetime="2004-04-18T20:32:00" id="p9">
How is sulphur removed from petroleum? Will hydrogen sulfide or carbon disulfide react with carbon dioxide? Neil
</post>
<post author="farmerman" datetime="2004-04-18T21:02:00" id="p10">
sulfur is usually in an H2S form it gives the crude names like "sour" where,. "Sweet" crude contains less H2S AS far as H2S removal Im only familiar with the Clause process to remove H2S by oxidizing it in the presence of a catalyst (sorry dont remember the catalyst) Then the first oxidation product is SO2. The SO2 is trhen re-reacted with H2S using a copperas catalyst (Fe Ti O3). this converts the SO2 to elemental sulfur and is just piled up in HUUUge yellow mountains.
Theres another process which uses the Na2CO3 and a catalyst to form an HS- and this is oxidized to elemental sulfur. Im not familiar with the alkaline process. There are newer technologies like microfiltration of H2S where the H2S is reacted to form a thiol colloid, and these are micro filtered. I know nothing of this trick, or whether its in production use. Theres also some bio processes where H2S is reacted in bio filters, again, I have no familiarity with this. They usually get us geologists out of the way before any money comes out of the ground
. JIM is a petroleum engineer and probably knows this stuff best.
As far as CS2 and H2S as reactants. I think these arent considered for sequestering because of dangers in their use

H2S is very dangerous as a toxic gas and I dont think itd be advisable to use an exposed screen like with the NaOH reactions

Also CS2, in air, is quite explosive, so, it too, I think would be rather dangerous to just expose in an air mix. It is usually reacted in retorts with wood pulp and H2SO4 and Zinc catalyst to make Rayon.

Besides, CO2 is an effective fire surpressant with carbon disulfide, so it impedes reaction(which is necessary in sequestering the CO2)
</post>
