<post author="RAS" datetime="2010-04-24T10:27:00" id="p13">
Hi

I know you want to do the best you can for this child but you need much more information.

If mum was a party girl, has SD ever been assess for Foetal Alcohol Syndrome? This would massively affect her capacity of empathy, emotional control etc. if it is a problem, then use of alcohol now would prevent her from assessing risk and developing emotional ties.

You say she is smoking and drinking. is she using drugs and/or sexually active?

The older contacts may be relatively helpful alternative parents or seriously exploitative. You need to know. Could they be invited to a case conference as they probably know more about her than either OH or gran?

Is she using the money to buy food and keep herself or to buy drugs/booze and abuse herself?

What does SD think about the situation? is she aware that there is even an issue? Or is she "happy" with the situation and averse to any change?

You and OH need a real heart to heart; he has not engaged as a parent but it has obviously been very difficult given the legal situation. Was OH married to the mother? if not, I understand how much harder it would be to get parental rights, but he has not actively pursued his role in the last four years. The least would have been to have ensured that school and her GP knew he had joint parental rights. He might then have known about her absence from school.

Given how lost this child is already, I think that parenting her would be a massive challenge and given her continued proximity to the adverse contacts in her life well-nigh impossible. if you try to enforce boundaries and rules, she will just bunk off somewhere she knows that does not make such demands on her.

On the other hand the experience of the Kid's Company is that some children are able to make major changes in their early teens because the brain is extremely plastic at that stage. Read up anything you can find by them.

One of the things that they do, apart from ensuring their contacts are fed, is offer massage and beauty treatments. Most of the kids have little or no experience of kind touch and very low self esteem. This makes girls in particular vulnerable to exploitation. Giving boys and girls the opportunity to experience positive touch through hand, head and shoulder massage helps them feel good (it has been suggested it helps re-wire their brains in much the same way as cuddles and strokes help an infant). Teaching the girls how to do manicures and pedicures allows them to look and feel good about themselves, legitimises positive experiences of touch and offers an alternative route to both outside sex.
</post>
<post author="Savvy_Sue" datetime="2010-04-24T10:40:00" id="p14">
Kid's Company might be a very worthwhile contact!
</post>
