<post author="paddy's mum" datetime="2009-11-18T20:58:00" id="p25">
I take on board all that you have said and thanked you for the further explanation.

However (as I said in an earlier post) it makes no difference whether it's a him or her situation; who paid what to whom; who committed a matrimonial crime; whether the joint assets are in the millions or only the thousands. The courts have starting points upon which they base their calculations in their efforts to effect a fair resolution for both parties and the generosity or your friend, or otherwise, has almost nothing to do with what a solicitor will negotiate or what a judge will stamp as an Order of the Court.

Pre-nups would, I am absolutely certain, be much, much more common if they were enforceable in the UK courts. Sadly, they are not which is why living together with ownership of assets decreed by Trust documentation is becoming so very prevalent.

I do feel that it is somewhat naive of you to present a whole scenario, expressed in your own words, but giving a great deal of information about the situation and then be annoyed that people pick up on what you said, or read things into the gaps. On a forum such as this, a great deal of what people try to help with is based on reading between the lines. No personal aspersions were made since clearly none of us know the actual person. Conversely, what a great many of us have seen is too many spouses - often the husband - behaving in appalling and selfish ways to avoid paying their just, honest dues. Some will even make their children suffer so long as they get to hit back at the wife they are so desperate to punish.

May I point out that there has been a decided undertone of dislike of the wife throughout this thread and it is not unreasonable for a reader to wonder how slanted your viewpoint may be....or do you really think that referring to "wifey" in your last post is an honourable, neutral, fair-minded expression of affection?

I'm sorry if my point of view, which I believe was courteously expressed, has made you so indignant. I stand by my advice though, which is that the attitudes displayed (in whosever words) are not going to cut much ice with the relevant authorities and perhaps need to be modified a little.

At no point did I call your friend an evil man. Is your anger based on your perception of him as a victim? If so, perhaps you would be wiser to try to keep out of the whole sorry mess, however much you wish to support your friend. You could so easily become sucked far too deeply into it all and I suggest that at this time, his best friend should be a sympathetic and experienced lawyer.

Despite what you apparently perceive as my criticism of your friend, I do wish him well at what is a difficult time for anyone in the throes of a break-up. Do you think that perhaps your own animosity might be fuelling the fires of his distress and that taking a somewhat more backward seat might actually be of more benefit to him?
</post>
<post author="Oldernotwiser" datetime="2009-11-18T21:25:00" id="p26">
Thank you for your explanation.

I think that the most telling point in your post is " The house is in his name because it was purchased by him before they even met and there has never been any reason to change the name on the deeds." - If getting married isn't a reason for putting property in joint names, I don't know what is.

Perhaps some of us see marriage as more of a partnership than others do; fortunately the divorce courts will make the decision based on a fairness which I hope will satisfy all parties.
</post>
