<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-10T11:57:00" id="p91">
Sorry be away for a bit. In answer to flushd - I don't have a concrete solution (if I did I would run for office) - just it doesn't appear (in most cases) that minimum wage will actually help people it is supposed to help. I could be wrong, but in most cases it seems to just push prices up.

The other big problem I see is it ends up harming small businesses. Larger businesses like the WalMarts could absorb the costs, however smaller businesses may not. I picture a mom and pop type store that can only afford low wages. Perhaps some one that works there does so for a second income or like my dad did for something to keep him busy. Now why wouldn't they work for WalMart that would pay him more (as at least in my area they pay above minimum wage any way)? Because he likes the owners, it is a nice friendly place to work, pleasant working environment (not everyone works just for he paycheck). But now minimum wage increases, mom and pop cannot afford to keep the store open without losing money - they close.
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-10T11:57:00" id="p92">
If minimum wage did help the poor - meaning overall prices would not increase (however, this is not possible if the minimum wage is set above the equilibrium wages) then I would say sure it makes perfect sense. And if there was no effect to the smaller businesses then again I would say sure.

Another point is if minimum wage keeps increasing, the demand to hire illegals would also increase. Why wouldn't you risk hiring some one that would work for pennies, if the increased costs of hiring others is so high, that the risks of getting caught becomes worthwhile?

I am also all for raising the minimum wage IF it does help the people it is intended to - the question is.does it? That is what I am proposing. So far not one person has given any hard facts or support that it does. Honestly, raising the minimum wage really won't personally affect me one way or the other. My concern is it is all for naught? Not even looking at the economy as a whole - is it doing anything for the poor? If Mr. Poor gets an increase in salary of $100 a month and then his food costs, electricity, rent, etc goes up by $100 is he any better off? That is the question I am posing - not that we shouldn't help others. But is this really helping them or is this just political?
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-10T11:58:00" id="p93">
The problem squinney is the CEOs have enough control to raise their wages and bonuses. It does happen sometimes that these CEOs are thoughtful and kind enough to not collect a bonus or raise in times where the economy is down, but typically they keep the same or increase. I remember a couple of years ago where I did not get a raise (two years in a row) because the company profits were down. I didn't cry - I realized I was lucky got a good paying job when others were being laid off - I doubt our CEO did without though. And I know of another large company where employees were being laid off because of a downturn, but Mr. CEO still got his huge bonus.

As terrible as this is - how does increasing the minimum wage solve this? Mr. CEO will still get his big paycheck and bonus (do you really think he is going to cut his money?) He will either raise prices or make cutbacks (layoffs perhaps) - both these will come back and bite the little guy - not help him.
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-10T11:59:00" id="p94">
Thank you Thomas for explaining it much more clearly. I am more a numbers person than a writer. It puts people out of work, because a company can hire as many people as they want. For example, if they costs go up and McD's decide to lay an additional person per each shift, then people ordering will simply have to wait longer. At my former company when costs went up, they simply did not hire anyone else when some one left. We had to in their words "absorb" the work. Basically we had to do more work per person.
</post>
<post author="RussPhoto" datetime="2006-07-10T16:52:00" id="p95">
coming in late
Pardon my late entry:

Basic Economics:

What I don't understand is how ANYONE (over 18 as example) can get along on under $8/hr who isn't living at home and getting welfare or assistance of some sort. What about those people who live on their own and pay rent, eat 3 meals, (never mind owning an insured car) ANYWHERE in USA?

Never mind a particular political bias - Rep or Dem -- how does a person survive on that little money? Save for the future? fuhgeddaboudit!

Do the math. Why force people to live at near-slave wages. Some people aren't able to get the training needed to advance for various reasons beyond their control (learning disabilities, etc.) Do you want YOUR family member living at that little of living wage?

Some interesting research and poll info:

"A January 2005 report by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center shows Americans overwhelmingly support an increase in the minimum wage: 82 percent say it is an important priority and only 6 percent oppose an increase."

Oh yes, one more thing...the current Federal minimum wage ($5.15/hr.) for workers receiving the current minimum wage cause yearly earnings to be only $10,700 a year -- almost $6,000 below the poverty line for a family of three!
</post>
