<post author="OCCOM BILL" datetime="2003-12-08T13:32:00" id="p42">
Yikes, this one might get me in trouble. I, as you can see by my avatar, I am a stereotypical white man. I would like to think I exercise no racist beliefs, but that's not true.
When hiring sales people; I hire the most qualified applicants, but; I assume in advance that the black applicants are not likely to perform as well as their equally qualified white counterparts. Black applicants with ethnic sounding names or speech are far less likely to meet quota. I've measured the performance of hundreds of sales persons, while selling tens of thousands of products. As a capitalist, my aspiration is to make as much money as possible. The best person for the job, is the one that is most profitable to employ. Perhaps the white majority in America is less likely to buy from blacks. Perhaps the blacks I've hired lacked the social skills to match their white counterparts performance. Perhaps blacks don't try to sell as hard as whites (this one I know is false). Perhaps I'm a closet racist who lies about the observed results in order to justify my racism (also false). Regardless of the reason, the results remain the same. I've heard of Sales managers who automatically: "If the first name ryhmes with honda, the application goes in the circular file." Unfair? Certainly. Ecconomically sound? Probably. Racially biased? Definitely. Sales 'Leads" can be tremendously expensive to generate. A closing ratio variation of 1% is enormous! My companies profit margin is frequently less than 1%.
Conclusion: Ecconomic resposibility sometimes overrides my desire to be racially blind. The ugly truth is that this fiscal reality does help propetuate Noah's claims.

So, people with African ancestors have a bit of a dissadvantage when looking for work... So what. So do fat people. So do ugly people. So do intellectually challanged people. Depending on where you are; an accent from New York or Georgia will put you at a disadvantage. Young people, old people, tall people, short people are all disadvantaged as well.

It is my contention that every single person is an individual. We all have our crosses to carry. I've read about people with Down Syndrome gratuating college. The person most responsible for success or failure, in this country at least, is the person you look at in the mirror. Am I a racist?
</post>
<post author="ebrown p" datetime="2003-12-08T13:50:00" id="p43">
Yuuucckkk,

Noah, you and I will probably agree about Bill's views.

Fortunately Bill does not represent the ideas held by most white people. Bill may be the "stereotype", but most White people are ashamed of this viewpoint.

What is ironic is that you and Bill are not that far apart. You both make assumptions based on race and you are both rationalizing your own particular form of racism.
</post>
<post author="dlowan" datetime="2003-12-08T13:52:00" id="p44">
You have confused me, Noah -

"Thus, when the stress returns, the rational assumption of black intellectual and behavioral genetic inferiority will give whites in the future the pretext for committing over acts of discrimination as they once did in the past. For when things get tough for humans, they tend to regress back to old visceral tendencies and behaviors that worked in the past."

You appear to posit that racism is "rational" AND that it is a "visceral tendency".

How can it be rational? Are you arguing that it is so because it is congruent with certain underlying beliefs? - I would say then, that, at best, it is logical. (And that with a very narrow definition of logic) Rationality to me implies a higher level demand - ie that the premises upon which one bases one's thinking are subjected to rigorous scrutiny. The premises upon which you assume racism to lie do not stand up to such scrutiny - therefore I cannot see racism as rational.

When you come to the visceral, I am more likely to be with you - I would not deny that I am racist to some degree, since so many of the unthinking assumptions that I was brought up with were racist - not overtly, but there nonetheless. These are hard to extirpate absolutely, no? And not just for whites - many cultures are racist. However, I use rationality as well as feeling ( I THINK anger at injustice is a feeling, rather than a thought?) to overcome unconscious racism.
</post>
<post author="cavfancier" datetime="2003-12-08T13:57:00" id="p45">
Hmm...I'll tread the waters here...guess what. We are all racist, and most of us just trying to grab a piece of the pie, controlled by a very small group of extremely rich people who may even being subtly trying to polarize us all, in order to keep us fighting, should you buy into a bit of conspiracy theory. Bottom line is, we are all human beings, and it is up to every individual to make their lives work for them. I don't give a flying crap what race anyone is, even in hiring, as long as they are qualified to do the job. How many popular racist perceptions within the Black community do you want to get into? Africans work harder than Jamaicans, and are less likely to get into bad situations with drugs and gangs....Trindidadian Blacks are better than the more poor Tobago Blacks, what the hell? I know plenty of people of every race who live way better than I do. Oh, does that make ME racist? Will you assume that I'm jealous at a non-white usurping my "rightful" place in the world? Please...get over it. We all fight for the same goals. If we could learn to understand each other better, that would be much more helpful than ruminating about how whites naturally tend towards racism. Incidentally, those weren't my ancestors.
</post>
