<post author="Setanta" datetime="2003-12-09T15:17:00" id="p167">
Almost his entire thesis is questionable. Noah, i'm trying to point out to you that personal desires for acquisition motivate people. Slavery in the United States was an isolated phenomenon, and does not resemble the history of slavery anywhere else in any period of history. It was indeed the "peculiar institution," because it was never economically viable, and the slave-owners were routinely exploited economically by those who bought their products, mostly tobacco and cotton. To use that isolated and historically unique example of the exploitation of one race by another as a basis for a contention that most white people believe in white supremacy is simply wrong-headed, and it comes out as racist, because it attributes a negative characteristic to an entire class of people based soley upon the color of their skin--the very reasonable objection you make in the spurious examples you have advanced with the contention that "most" white people think a certain way.

Slavery was the disease of the ancient world, and it brought down empires. Those who lived in those empires did not understand the economic equations which assured their decline because of the pervasiveness of slavery. The American example is unique, because the political power of the South allowed them to maintain an economically diseased system through the prosperity of the whole nation--but only so long as the North did not object. The historical record is very clear on the subject of slavery--it does not work economically, unless imposed and maintained from above, as in the case of the Roman senatorial class, or the of the Southern planters in the United States--which is a circumstance which only delays the inevitable collapse of the institution.

The legacy of slavery in the United States has been a particularly virulent racism. Of course it is not cured, and i would not even say that it is in remission. Racism has been with the human race throughout time, and probably always will be. That lesson of history ought to call upon us all to oppose any racist ideas. That includes the idea that most white people believe in white supremacy.

Cav has the low down skinny on this one--the innate bigotry of human groups, of "the tribe," leads to notions of group superiority, and racism is simply an example of one variation on an ancient theme.
</post>
<post author="ebrown p" datetime="2003-12-09T15:17:00" id="p168">
Noah,

You say,

"To suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors, which could only mean that blacks are inferior. Thus, I have a right and logical validity to say that people who assume the internal as causing disproportionate black poverty are racist."

But no one here has said this except for you.

And thus you do not have the right or the logical validity to say that either people here, or white people in general are racist.

QED.
</post>
<post author="Noah The African" datetime="2003-12-09T15:26:00" id="p169">
Have you ever heard of pleading the fifth to avoid self-incrimination? Why do these people refuse to answer a simply proposition? What are they hiding and whom are they protecting? Certainly the question does not require much intellect to answer. If a problem is not externally rooted, then what are the other options? It’s just that simple.

Setanta, what you postulate are some historical accurate events, however, they do not negate the prevalence of the belief in white supremacy by most whites. How does it? How do white rationalize their being at the top of the world, the most wealth and most powerful? Did you all work harder and smarter than others?
</post>
<post author="OCCOM BILL" datetime="2003-12-09T15:27:00" id="p170">
Noah, you dismissed Setenta's very valid point as a filibuster. Why? His post was as relevant as any I've read on this thread.
I'm too ignorant to comment on the entire world, but in the USA Black people's opportunities are continuing to increase very rapidly. Is it too much to just accept that historical prejudices have started black cultures at the back of the pack, and they have not, as of yet, had enough time to catch up?
Your opening question is indicative of your recognition that a great deal of progress has been made. The world wasn't built in a day. Are you really that unsatisfied with the progress of our current generation? The lack of hatred exhibited in this entire thread should show you; you are wrong. As a selfish "individualist" I can assure you my comments are not affected by concerns of consensus. My opinions are completely candid.
Black people in my country clearly begin with larger hurdles than most. Assessing blame for this phenomenon will not help your plight in any way. I submit that those hurdles are getting smaller all the time, so what are you so upset about?
Someone as clearly intelligent as yourself; should realize that you are better equipped for success in this country than the vast majority of people regardless of their race. If you spend as much energy striving for success, as you do shouting at the rain, I am confident you will enjoy a great deal of success.
</post>
