<post author="norswede" datetime="2009-06-27T14:16:00" id="p13">
That's why i say about using religious exemption, to keep to blood pure from corruption, as i think that the mark of the beast might (just might) also be similar to a forced comtaminated vaccine.. in it's action at least.

I don't think that's possible. If that were the case then the Mark would be forced on Children as well and it has to be a monetary system that controls buying and selling. One thing that was I saw that really rang true to me was when I was watching the Benjamin Creme video that I have posted in one of the threads. I have always wondered how old people would have to be before they would be expected to receive the Mark of the Beast. In the video, Benjamin Creme said that on the "Day of Declaration" where Maitreya will be seen on everyone's tv and will be heard in everyone's own language, he said that only those over the age of 14 would hear him speak. This makes sense because it would mean that Children would be protected from Satan's deception. I believe that 14 will be the age that people will be expected to get the Mark. Another thing that is creepy is that at least here in Canada, instead of Social Security numbers, we get Social insurance numbers or SINs (Creepy huh?) But it gets creepier. The first 3 numbers for my age group are 651. My sister who is 9 years younger than me, her numbers are ( I can't remember exactly) but they are already 66 something. I don't know what they are now but I'm thinking that in the near future, when it reaches 666, everyone over the age of 14 will be issued a new number beginning with 666 and will either have it tatooed on their hands (or forehead if they don't have hands) or the number will be in a chip along with all of their information. (In canada we can't get a job without a SIN)
You Americans should all check the first 3 numbers of you Social security numbers.
</post>
<post author="starbrite" datetime="2009-06-28T00:04:00" id="p14">
The NWO is NOT a goverment plot.....
It is a conspiracy of the elite and for the elite billionaires.
There are a certain group of ultra rich who can buy and sell whole economies of nations....these are the perpetrators of the NWO.
They call themselves bildbergers after the hotel where they first met after ww2.
They run the CFR in america as well as other groups which manipulate the
politics, and they own the Fed....
They are well capable of these machinations towards world domination.
they have the resources and the people to pull their plans off behind the scenes as they control most of the media...
It is this group of ultra rich corporations and their sharholders(owners)that are busy manipulating world circumstances through the IMF and the other world wide orgs.
It is pretty obvious that the failures in the financial world are manufactured and have been predicted long ago by independant people whose words of warning were not heeded,(probably because the media didnt publish them widely.)
The facts are out there, they add up to world domination by this unscrupulous group who start wars for profit,and strip whole nations of their wealth.....
Industry, the media, the military, and the goverments all dance to their tune...
Under our "system", which they created, they keep on prospering through bad times and good.they rake in a large percent of the worlds wealth,and run things to suit themselves....
their objective is TOTAL control...........
starbrite
</post>
