<post author="RussPhoto" datetime="2006-07-10T19:55:00" id="p110">
Along the lines of healthcare's major cost factors, wonder what the US govt is planning to do about affecting a change in reduction of crime from drug-related costs and costs due to inner city and domestic violence? (pardon my poor wording)

But I digress
</post>
<post author="Ragman" datetime="2006-07-11T01:20:00" id="p111">
found my old nick again
Sorry to drop in here with this off-topic entry. I found my old nick again. Rehi to those that recall me from the old (abuzz) days and not-so-old days here.
</post>
<post author="cicerone imposter" datetime="2006-07-11T10:48:00" id="p112">
ragman, It's a pleasure to see you on a2k. I remember you from the Abuzz days, and if my memory serves, we agreed on most of the important stuff.
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-11T11:39:00" id="p113">
I agree Ragman completely that people making minimum cannot financially survive. That is not my contention of debate. My issue is that raising the minimum wage will not help - if it did I would support it. What you state is not basic economics - it is what many people assume happens. If you studied even Introductory economics you would realize that the math you state does not work.

The reason why so many Americans support an increase in minimum wage is because they understand there is a problem for people earning that amount, however, the average American doesn't understand what the downstream effects are.

Basic economics: As I stated before if you make $100 a month, but your costs to survive (food, rent and other basics) cost $200 you are out of luck. So one would think logically that raising your income by $100 would work - it would if everything remained the same. Unfortunately it will not. When doubling your wages - these costs then increase to your employer - the employer will either have to cut costs (i.e. lay someone off) or raise their prices. This same thing is happening to all the other businesses. Now the poor sap who either now does not have a job because he is laid off is now worse off. Or doubles his salary, but now his rent, food, etc. costs him $300 month. He is still $100 behind.

Can some one who supports minimum wage increase please give me some facts of how it will help some one? I haven't yet. It seems ragman tried, but his reasoning is flawed. He is not taking into consideration the downstream effects.
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-11T11:39:00" id="p114">
An actual quote from ragman's article " "If we do not balance a minimum-wage increase with economic relief for the small businesses, we will stifle job creation and shut the employment door on the very individuals we are trying to help," said Sen. Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.), author of the GOP alternative. "

Just because the polls show it is overwhelmingly supported doesn't mean it is a good thing. Unfortunately people are naively thinking this increase will help people, whereas best case it leaves them where they are financially (their buying power will stay the same); worse case they lose their jobs.
</post>
<post author="Linkat" datetime="2006-07-11T11:40:00" id="p115">
As in the article talking about disemployment - what else was going on in the economy at the time - many things effect the economy at the same time - did this happen to be a time of a growing economy? As a matter of fact these were years when the economy was growing. So an increase in minimum wage did not cause this increase in employment and hiring - our economy was already in a growing period. Perhaps employment went up, but would have gone up even more if it were not for an increase in minimum wage. Simply put just because something occurs after an event does not mean that event caused it.

Also, this increase in minimum wage could have still been below the normal market price for wages - currently in Mass this is the case, so I honestly see no or little effect to an increase in the minimum wage - which is essentially what I have been saying all along. Minimum wage really has little impact - and certainly does not help out people.

Everything was growing in those years, not as a result of minimum wage increase. Do you really think the stock market huge increases were a result of minimum wage increase? Most likely the reason that in high minimum wage states employment grew more quickly was more likely the opposite result. Minimum wage was increased because there was so much employment opportunity - not the other way around. Also higher minimum wage states also were higher cost of living states (like Mass).

One other thing to note - Anyone can twist stats to suit there needs. I am sure you can also go to a time period that will show the opposite affects of increasing the minimum wage too. When doing an analysis such as this several time periods should be viewed. By limiting your analysis to one 3 year period, right there the results cannot be verified - too many things affect the economy and when doing economic analysis (if you want an unbiased result) you will take these other things into consideration as well as look at various time periods.

I checked the source and don't let the name fool you EPI standing for Economic Policy Issue would lead one to think it was a non-biased Economic government type of board. It is not - it is a propaganda that "supports he economic condition of low- and middle-income Americans and their families". Not that there is anything wrong with supporting low and middle-income families (I fall into this), but right there you realize if they are supporting one group thus you are biased in your analysis.
</post>
