<post author="doelani" datetime="2010-01-07T10:29:00" id="p1">
I have a son who is 21. He moved out for about 5 months last years then came back when his girlfriend cheated on him.

So he comes back with a few conditions,

1.He keeps his own room tidy, when he left before it took me a day to clean it and it must not get into that state again.

2.Dinner is same time every night and if he does nto want dinner he has to give me a few hours notice, not decided when I ring him to say it on on table.

2.If he is not staying her overnight he tells me.

Now number

1. is not to bad, have to remnd him very few days to clean his room but all in all not bad.

2. Mealtimes do not always work, given up on this and if he is not here gets microwaved when he comes in.

3. THE BIG ONE. He did not come home last week after going to a night out 25 miles away. By 4am I was frantic and rang him, no reply. Eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house. I told him he should have rang, I was worried. then 2 nights ago he came in at 12.30 to get his phone charger saying he was staying in his mates and he was bringing him back at 7am for work. I did nto believe this story as the guy lives 10 miles out in the countryside and son works 2 minutes from my house.

When he came in last night form work I asked him was he staying her last night, he said yes. Well you guesed what happened, he did not come home. I rang him at 5.30am to see where he was, no reply. Sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok, no reply. Eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend"

Am I asking to much to be told he is not coming home? To want to know he is safe ?

I know I will probally get slated and told he is an adult he can do what he wnats but he is living in our house and my husband and I both think he needs to let us know if he is not coming home.
</post>
<post author="whitewing" datetime="2010-01-07T10:32:00" id="p2">
I like to ensure the house is locked up properly so I would expect to know what was going on by a reasonable hour. He can text you. It's not like in my day when we would have to say that we're phoning mummy!

Thank goodness DS is only 13 - time to train him up.
</post>
<post author="springclean" datetime="2010-01-07T10:37:00" id="p3">
truthfully, i think you are asking too much. he's an adult. he should be courteous to your home and keep it clean, but outside of that he should be able to come and go as he pleases. don't cook for him - he's a grown up. don't worry about him - he's a grown up. charge him board and let him be independant.

my 20 year old daughter pays board, but fixes her own meals (unless we have pre-arranged that we are all meeting around the dinner table on a set night to 'catch up' and enjoy a meal together), and i have to say is becoming a good little cook. i buy food in that we all like and she uses it or goes to the shop to buy with her own money what she does like.

if she doesn't come home, i don't panic because i've raised her to be independant and look after herself. on the whole she usually gives me the courtesy of a text, but not always.

you just have to let go i'm afraid.
</post>
