<post author="Balbus" datetime="2011-11-17T16:15:00" id="p194">
Indie

As I pointed out some time about and which you still haven’t addressed –

The neo-liberal ideas that you promote (as does Paul) give more power and influence to wealth which gives them much more freedom to exploit the system and the majority in their own interests through the promotion of neoliberal ideas such as –

1) low or no tax
2) deregulation
3) Little or no welfare
4) Free market/laissez faire based economics
5) Social Darwinist based education, healthcare etc.

In what way does that enhance the ‘freedom’ of the majority?
</post>
<post author="Individual" datetime="2011-11-17T18:05:00" id="p195">
Balbus:

1. I've not claimed there should be NO taxes, only taxation adequate to perform the Constitutionally enumerated functions of government. Additionally, I don't think the Federal government should tax individuals or incomes, and that should be a function of the States alone, as it was originally.

2. Regulations, like all laws, should be minimal, and applicable equally to all.

3. Welfare should not in any way be a function of the Federal government.

4. Nothing at all with a free market, people should remain free to produce goods and services and price them as they wish, and uninhibited by government, free market competition allows consumers to control prices. Competition produces jobs and brings down prices for the consumers.

5a. Parents, not governments or unions, should have greatest control over the schools and what their children are being taught.

5b. Health care, is not a right that all are entitled to, but something that is available with costs like anything else, and the private sector insurance industry allows those who wish to reduce their financial risks by purchasing policies to protect them from unforeseen circumstances. It's a choice of purchasing a policy, saving, or face the consequences of bad decisions.

Freedom is a lack of constraint, the ability to make choices unhindered by others or government, to be responsible and take responsibility for ones actions, to engage in legal pursuits which can make one rich or poor. It has nothing at all to do with outcome, or for that matter income.

Take away governments ability to create laws that can be written to the advantage of some, but not all equally, and wealth would find little ability to influence government.

Nothing at all that you've written indicates that it would reduce the influence of wealth on government, in fact it would likely increase it, and result in reducing the middle classes with minimally improving, if at all the poorest members of society, ending what social mobility that now exists creating a ruling and a ruled class.

Ron Paul could turn the country around if elected, and most all the other candidates would do little more than slow down the certain economic collapse we've been headed toward for nearly 100 years.
</post>
