<post author="DaGoose" datetime="2011-11-23T04:07:00" id="p36">
<quote orig_author="Billy000">
<quote orig_author="JDzBrain">
<quote orig_author="Billy000">
Wow, you Republicans are really into denial. Okay here it is. Proof!

Obama:

" The Budget Control Act that I signed into law last month will cut annual Government spending by about $1 trillion over the next 10 years. It also charges the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction with finding an additional $1.5 trillion in savings. As part of this jobs bill (LIE ONE. It was the "The Budget Control Act" but he tried to claim it was a jobs bill when in fact it was a deal to INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Just more political posturing with no real intent), I am asking the Congress to increase that amount so that it covers the full cost of the American Jobs Act. (BULL SHIT call number 2. He and the demwhits negotiated a deal to INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "Stimulus II" wish list which would add another 1.6 TRILLION dollars to the deficit NOW!) In addition... (on and on he drones with no intent of acting.)

There you go. Can't argue with facts....

In other words, don't blame Obama. Blame ALL of congress.

</quote>

First, let me address this "Budget Control Act" crap. The ONLY fact in that is that he signed the bill...UNDER PROTEST I might add.

Just WHEN was that little bit of legislation signed into law? Oh yeah, 2011!

This law WAS the bill passed in exchange for raising the debt ceiling. Obama had to be dragged kicking and screaming to accept even this TINY little bit of fiscal reform in order to avoid the US defaulting on its debt. So that is BULL SHIT!

As to the rest of that lunatic ranting and political positioning on whitehouse.gov, There WAS NO BILL INTRODUCED EVER!

Why...because democrats didn't want to get attached to a stand alone piece of legislation that raised taxes on ANYONE while adding 1.6 TRILLION dollars in deficit spending.

They, just like anyone who actually understands this stuff and the mood of America KNOW that 70% of Americans do NOT favor tax hikes or increased deficits. Just about as many did NOT favor extending unemployment benefits. AND nearly 80% don't believe there will be ANY benefit from the "American Jobs Act" or "Stimulus II" after his moronic, "...shovel ready weren't so shovel ready" slip of the tongue.

Next, the bill he signed had to be passed by a REPUBLICAN House to even GET to Obummer's desk. So to portray republicans as obstructionist is disingenuous to say the least and a flat out LIE in the fact of it!

He and the democrats got damn near everything they wanted and they STILL reneged on it before the ink was dry.

This thing has gone just EXACTLY as the democrats hoped. However, they have misunderestimated the American people once again. "We the People" ain't buying the crap he's shoveling. And when 2012 rolls around...THAT will be made clear!

Oh, nearly forgot to mention. If you actually DO read the links Conservative posted, you will find that the republican controlled House of Representatives has passed some 22 pieces of budget and deficit reduction legislation in the last year and a half and NOT ONE has been brought to the floor of the US Senate by Dirty Harry. Just WHO is the obstructionist?

</quote>

You are really tap-dancing around this issue. The entire point I am trying to make was that Obama did in fact introduce legislation while you claimed (and apparently are still claiming) never happened. Are you just ignoring the CNN link I posted? Also, what you think about the democrats and Obama is irrelevant. Mostly because I am not defending the democrats in congress.

And you are wrong about Americans' attitudes towards tax hikes. Most Americans agree that there should be tax hikes on the WEALTHY, which has been Obama's position since the beginning.

This radical, one-sided believe you have toward politics is laughable. To put all of the blame on Obama/democrats for America's troubles shows that you really do not know much about these American issues. Is Fox News all you watch? That is sad.

</quote>

.
</post>
<post author="Billy000" datetime="2011-11-24T02:33:00" id="p37">
Great quote. I think it speaks volumes coming from an independent rather than a democrat sounding like a broken record.
</post>
