<post author="sandhawk2701" datetime="2009-10-05T23:10:00" id="p1">
My marriage has finally ended after 20 years.

2 weeks ago I finally plucked up the courage to tell my husband I could no longer put up with his drinking.
He says he hasn't got a problem just has a few drinks to unwind after work.
His few is 5-6 cans of lager and a bottle of red wine.
After the weekend of spending £100 up the pub, £50 on takeaways and £70 on a tattoo session I just felt I couldn't take no more.

It was the hardest thing I have ever had to do because I was expecting im to fly off the handle and smash the house up, but he just packed a few things and went.

He just assumed I was having a hissy fit and I'd let him back home in a few days, but I stuck to my guns. Few days later he came back for some more things and even took the rest of the beer in the house, so much for saying he was going to stop!!!!

On saturday night we met up to talk things through and he said he would respect what ever decision I made, I told him that he had to change before we could start to work this out and he needed help with his drinking.His reply was let me move back in and i will stop. I said no you have to prove you can stop first.
We didn't really get anywhere so he dropped me home and told me to go and that it would be a 50 50 decision to split.

Sunday lunch time I geta text to say if i can't live with you I dont want to live without you take care x
I ignored it, then another 1 came through to say £10000 should cover the mortgage
Then at 8.30 in the eve me, the kids, his mum and sister all get a text saying sorry love you x

His mum gets hold of him to find out he has drunk 2 bottles of wine and taken 50 odd painkillers.
He got taken to A&amp;E and is still in hospital now.
I haven't been to see him as I'm so angry and hating him.

He has cleaned out the bank account, so there isn't enough to cover the direct debits and nothing for food at all,
just don't know what to do now.........
</post>
<post author="belfastgirl23" datetime="2009-10-05T23:26:00" id="p2">
Oh god what a mess.

Although I don't know if it's any help, the thing you hear most about alcoholics is that they have to hit rock bottom before they accept they have a problem and this sounds pretty rock bottom to me.

I guess the first thing for you to think about is that this is clearly a blackmail tactic, if you don't take me back I'll top myself. If you do take him back though, you send the signal that you're prepared to accept things continuing as they are. Do you have his mum's backing on what you're doing? Is she prepared to acknowledge his alcoholism? Personally I think you need to stick to your guns. Being angry should help you a bit, at least in the short term.

For the money side, I'd suggest seeing if you can make an emergency appointment with Citizens Advice to see where you stand benefits wise. You might also try posting on the benefits board here to see if anyone can suggest any routes for you. Do you have any family who can help you out? For bigger stuff eg mortgages etc, if you are going to have problems paying you need to let them know asap. I think the guys on the debt free wannabe board will be helpful on this front, eg helping you figure out how much to say or not to say. They can also help you prioritise your bills etc.

Sorry I can't be of more direct help, hopefully some others will be able to offer more advice. All I can say is look after yourself. And that I definitely think you have done the right thing for both yourself and your husband.
</post>
<post author="belfastgirl23" datetime="2009-10-05T23:32:00" id="p3">
Just to add, it might also be worth getting some support for yourself from al anon

<a href="http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/">http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/</a>

I have heard really good things about them.
</post>
