<post author="BumbleBeeBoogie" datetime="2011-10-29T10:38:00" id="p2">
@hawkeye10,

Where is Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt when we need him---again?

Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt 1901–1909

On September 6, President McKinley was shot while at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York. Initial reports in the succeeding days suggested his condition was improving, so Roosevelt embarked on a vacation at Mount Marcy in northeastern New York. He was returning from a climb to the summit on September 13 when a park ranger brought him a telegram informing him that McKinley's condition had deteriorated, and he was near death.

Roosevelt and his family immediately departed for Buffalo. When they reached the nearest train station at North Creek, at 5:22 am on September 14, he received another telegram informing him that McKinley had died a few hours earlier. Roosevelt arrived in Buffalo that afternoon, and was sworn in there as President at 3:30 pm by U.S. District Judge John R. Hazel.

Roosevelt kept McKinley's cabinet and promised to continue McKinley's policies. One of his first notable acts as president was to deliver a 20,000-word address to Congress[51] asking it to curb the power of large corporations (called "trusts"). For his aggressive attacks on trusts over his two terms, he has been called a "trust-buster."

In the 1904 presidential election, Roosevelt won the presidency in his own right in a landslide victory. His vice president was Charles Fairbanks.

Roosevelt also dealt with union workers. In May 1902, United Mine Workers went on strike to get higher pay wages and shorter workdays. He set up a fact-finding commission that stopped the strike, and resulted in the workers getting more pay for fewer hours.

In August 1902, Roosevelt was the first president to be seen riding in an automobile in public.[52] This took place in Hartford, CT. The car was a Columbia Electric Victoria Phaeton, manufactured in Hartford. The police squad rode bicycles alongside the car. (The reference includes a photo of the event.)

In 1905, he issued a corollary to the Monroe Doctrine, which allows the United States to "exercise international policy power" so they can intervene and keep smaller countries on their feet.

Roosevelt helped the wellbeing of people by passing laws such as The Meat Inspection Act of 1906 and The Pure Food and Drug Act. The Meat Inspection Act of 1906 banned misleading labels and preservatives that contained harmful chemicals. The Pure Food and Drug Act banned food and drugs that are impure or falsely labeled from being made, sold, and shipped. Roosevelt was also served as honorary president of the school health organization American School Hygiene Association from 1907 to 1908, and in 1909 he convened the first White House Conference on the Care of Dependent Children.

The Gentlemen's Agreement with Japan came into play in 1907, banning all school segregation of Japanese, yet controlling Japanese immigration in California. That year, Roosevelt signed the proclamation establishing Oklahoma as the 46th state of the Union.

Building on McKinley's effective use of the press, Roosevelt made the White House the center of news every day, providing interviews and photo opportunities. After noticing the White House reporters huddled outside in the rain one day, he gave them their own room inside, effectively inventing the presidential press briefing. The grateful press, with unprecedented access to the White House, rewarded Roosevelt with ample coverage.

He chose not to run for another term in 1908, and supported William Taft for the presidency, instead of Fairbanks. Fairbanks withdrew from the race, and would later support Taft for re-election against Roosevelt in the 1912 election.

List of federal judges appointed by Theodore Roosevelt

Roosevelt appointed a record 75 federal judges. Roosevelt appointed three Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States: Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. (1902), William Rufus Day (1903), William Henry Moody (1906). In addition to these three, Roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the United States Courts of Appeals, and 53 judges to the United States district courts.
</post>
<post author="hawkeye10" datetime="2011-10-29T10:43:00" id="p3">
@BumbleBeeBoogie,

Where are leaders of any stripe when we need them?
</post>
<post author="tsarstepan" datetime="2011-10-29T10:55:00" id="p4">
@hawkeye10,

The greatest irony I've seen here at a2k Hawkeye is although I agree with on the statement that the US is an oligarchy or a plutocracy I believe you have foolishly drunk the Kool-Aid to think the Tea Party is genuine in it's pursuit to save the country from "our oppressors" when EVERY move they propose is a basic tenet to strengthen the status quo. Clearly you are too blinded by your personal selfishness and greed to see and feel the rain falling on your head from your Tea Party overlords.

Governments exist for a reason. Progressive governments exist and should continue to exist in order to protect it's citizens from the raiding and looting hordes of the multibillion dollar conglomerates and banking institutions who themselves exist in order to set up a select small population into extreme wealth and power.
</post>
<post author="hawkeye10" datetime="2011-10-29T11:11:00" id="p5">
@tsarstepan,

I am not of the Tea Party, I am a radical leftist formerly a revolutionary currently a socialist. It could be argued that a better word is collectivist...I strongly support libertarian political actions because I want to see individuals once again free enough from government oppresion that they can choose to come together in collective effort. What we have now is a sham socialism impossed by a government which is owned by the coporate class, whos only mission is to grab more wealth.
</post>
<post author="RABEL222" datetime="2011-10-30T00:35:00" id="p6">
@hawkeye10,

We are free from government oppression. Now if we can free ourselves from our billion dollar overlords perhaps we can enjoy real freedom and get rid of our bought politicians.
</post>
