<post author="Ravin McRaven" datetime="2012-01-04T22:28:00" id="p19">
<quote orig_author="nmds">
-- 4th January 1932 --

80 years ago today India’s National Congress, the largest and most powerful force in the movement for Indian self-rule, was declared illegal by the British government and its leader, Gandhi, was arrested in Bombay.

And generally this is considered by all moderns a Very Bad Thing.

15 years later the Imperial powers finally assented to Gandhi’s idea, common to average Englishmen and Indians alike, that India belonged to the Indians, and in 1947 India was granted formal independence from rule by the British government. Other nationalist movements were succeeding and seceding throughout Asia and Africa at around the same time.

And generally this is considered by all moderns a Very Good Thing.

But immediately that African and Asian peoples were permitted to enjoy freedom from colonisation by Europeans and self-determination, equivalent privileges were withdrawn from the European peoples.

An invasion of Europe began that would soon dwarf any colonisation by Europeans of Africa and Asia; governmental powers began to be transferred to a foreign bureaucracy in Brussels and Strasbourg; and all estates of the government plus the increasingly powerful fourth estate began a process of deconstructing culturally and psychologically the peoples of Europe as such. There can be no bothersome self-determination when the self no longer admits of its own existence. India might belong to the Indians, but henceforth, if not already, England would not belong to the English, nor Germany to the Germans, etc.

Naturally the normal people of Europe were opposed to all this, but their wishes were ignored. Anytime the restless natives of Europe looked like mounting a serious democratic challenge to the new old imperialists, the political vehicle in question was made illegal by its ‘democratic’ ‘anti-fascist’ rival in power. Most recently Britain’s BNP was dragged through the courts and made to change its constitution and disavow it’s reason for being -- where it had previously been explicitly concerned with protecting the native peoples of Britain, it now had to prove its concern with protecting the native peoples of every other country on earth from its own members and supporters. You will see why I began by remembering the Regime’s illegalisation of the Indian National Congress.

And generally these anti-European double standards are considered by all TSRers a Very Good Thing.

Or are they? (By which I mean ‘Discuss.’)

</quote>

South Africa, namibia, USA, australia, canada, argentina, brazil, new zealand ?- nope, no europeans there, are there.
And of course you would never see europeans in india, kenya, hong kong, Abu dhabi, sri lanka, fiji, malaysia, thailand etc etc. No of course not, they are all arressted and deported back to Dover on a daily basis
</post>
<post author="nmds" datetime="2012-01-05T10:02:00" id="p20">
<quote orig_author="whyumadtho">
nmds, a 'nation', as you're using it, has no 'separate or politically independent territory', according to your sacrosanct OED. No nation has prerogative over a space.

Try again.

</quote>

I don't understand -- I consider the Indians, the Jews, and the Tswana to be nations -- and they appear to possess separate or politically independent territories' devoted to their interests, namely India, Israel and Botswana -- out of which they booted us.

In general I would say any people anywhere is entitled at any time to declare itself sovereign and independent. I'm surprised to find you disagree. What else is slavery but the denial of a right to secede and be independent?

[Thanks for actually responding to what I wrote though. Makes a nice ****ing change for you!]
</post>