<post author="izzoh" datetime="2011-11-12T23:28:00" id="p1">
Hi All,

I love my parents to pieces. To cut a long story short, my dad had cancer - given 6 weeks to live. My mum gave up work to look after him. 15 years later, my dad is in remission (thank goodness) back at work and my mum is now staying at home and being looked after.

Ever since I started working I have helped out. As I feel a child should when they become an adult and start working.

But recently it seems to have got out of control and I almost feel like I am now the parent. A part of me feels as though I have to make it up to my parents. The life they could have had if my dad never became ill. He could not work for 10 years due to how bad his body suffered. He was alos diagnosed with a brain tumour throughout that time and survived and I am so prud of him for going back to work and for being so inspirational, and the same goes for my mum.

Anyway, I earn more then my dad by about £600 a month. My mum gets working tax credits, about £35 a week.

My boyfriend who is studying at uni also lives with us.

The problem I have is that I feel as though I am paying for everything now, I always felt like I had to spoil my parents, feeling so lucky to still have them and I would do anything for them but now I am financially struggling and I think they believe my money is endless.

I was in sever debt which through hard work I am getting out of. I am still in debt by about £24k. One is a loan, the other is an overdraft and one is a credit card. This I am managing -just about.

I took out the loan about a year ago. I had worked hard on keeping my bank account in good order and even managed to save £800! first time ever! The loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car. But then I saw that my mum was struggling. She has credit cards which my dad didnt know about and it would have caused worldwar 3.

So I paid them off for her. Silly me I didnt total how much but it was about 4 debts in total and I am sure it must have been about 5k in total. It was on the agreement that my mum would give me £85 a month which was half of what she was paying the creditors. It also stopped teh calls, letters and my mum is much more relaxed now.

But she seems to have forgotten HOW much I paid off as she keeps hinting that she will stop giving me the money in December. That means she has only paid me about 9 times! She is adament it wasnt that much and I am going to try and ask my bank for a backdated statement so I can see exactly what I have paid out.

Also, she is getting quite demanding. I already pay the council tax, internet (which she is on 80% of the day), phone line, phone calls, sky tv and tv license. I also pay for teh gas and electric and buy the main food shop per month. (£200 in total roughly). I also try and do things like by mu mum and dad shoes etc, it sounds silly but they dont do it and my mum literally ends up with holes in her leggings. She would rather by food and I understand this as she has been brought up that spoiling yourself is done via food.

I also had to use my savings to buy a wshing machine when it broke down. I also had to buy a new tv for the house as our old one we had for 17 years and broke. I had to pay for curtains because our flat is old, on a corner and freezing. I had to buy carpets because we had bare concrete floors. I dont understand where my parents money goes! I know they are not saving and I just cant understand!

Now my mum is almost taking advantage, she keep going on about our cooker which is almost on its way out and I had to keep saying I can not afford it, because I really can not right now. She went on so much that I said I would get a ew on in February.

I am also supporting my boyfriend at the moment and I maintain a car because I need it for work.

I just feel like she does not understand that I am almost supporting everyone right now. I am 25 and I am worried then if I ever move out they will be completely lost! She is so sensitive that even if I don;t eat dinner she gets in a mood and takes it personally!

I am sorry guys..... this is just a rant really! I just feel like I am already tied down with kids!
</post>
<post author="BitterAndTwisted" datetime="2011-11-12T23:35:00" id="p2">
STOP BUYING THINGS FOR THEIR HOME! You can't afford it, not with £24k of debt round your neck!

"council tax, internet, phone line, phone calls, sky tv and tv license. I also pay for the gas and electric and buy the main food shop per month. (£200 in total roughly)" How much does this come to a month?

If you're paying nearly all of the running-costs of your parents' home and they're paying the rent/mortgage where is all the rest of their money going? Mum's racked up even more debts, I suspect.
</post>
