<post author="nottheone" datetime="2009-02-22T11:39:00" id="p1">
An 11 year old in PA seems to have shotgunned to death his fathers 26 year old pregnant girlfriend. It's too bad we live in a free secret society. I would like to know what this kids game collection looks like and what movies he has been watching. Grand Theft Auto anyone? We live in a free society. Which unfortunately means the freedom to keep things secret that shouldn't be secret. We will probably never know what video games this kid plays and I think it's relevant. We will never know what movies he was allowed to watch either. And when he is punished his story will go away so that there won't be an lessons for other kids, the media will instead find a Columbine headline for weeks and give them something else to emulate, all in the name of profit while our society crumbles.

But since he owned his own shotgun I have a pretty good idea. I think that he is a victim of our societies madness of treating children like they are adults. Our language has the word children for a reason. To distinguish them from adults. Yet we allow our society to treat them like adults. They have phones, they are exposed to violence, they wear makeup, they have tatoos, they have piercings, they have sex, they have children, they are the target of relentless ad campaigns, they have the pandering sex channel known as MTV and all of this is encouraged by our society and it's worship of money. None of these things were available, allowed or encouraged when I was a teen. They were reserved for adults. It gave us something to look forward too, a rite of passage that practically doesn't exist anymore. I seem to be one of the only people who thinks we are making a mistake in the way we are bringing up our children. They have nothing to look forward to because they have virtually everything that adults have except the right to drive. It's no wonder depression and suicide rates have gone up.

I am sure most people will think I am crazy.
</post>
<post author="Gokul43201" datetime="2009-02-22T13:36:00" id="p2">
Until two days ago, I didn't know they actually made guns for kids (and I'm not talking about toy guns).

Maybe we should start making alcohol and cigarettes for toddlers... make it easier for them to kill themselves before we make it easier for them to kill others?
</post>
<post author="nottheone" datetime="2009-02-22T14:26:00" id="p3">
Good catch, I forgot alcohol and cigarettes. Yeah, for toddlers, since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking.

They didn't have guns for kids when I was a kid that I know of. We had to use adult guns under adult supervision and it was a once in a while privilege that only came more often when we were big enough and old enough to handle them. Back then adults had the crazy idea that some things were for adults only. As a kid I didn't think it was fair and I couldn't wait to get old enough to have my own. But back then it didn't matter what I thought BECAUSE I WAS A KID.
</post>
<post author="Astronuc" datetime="2009-02-22T14:28:00" id="p4">
I find the concept of 'guns for kids', designed such that they need not be registered a bit puzzling and distressing. If something can project a projectile at sufficient kinetic energy to be fatal to a person, then perhaps there needs to be some control on it. On the other other hand, the kid could have used a baseball bat or cricket bat, or kitchen knife, or gasoline, or....

Clearly the child had (has) a problem based on the fact that he committed murder.

I have to wonder what was going on with that family that the boy felt compelled to eliminate his father's girlfriend. Was the motivating factor jealousy, or perhaps anger at the woman who replaced his mother, or was there abuse of the boy on the part of the father or girlfriend?
</post>
<post author="Unknot" datetime="2009-02-22T14:57:00" id="p5">
I don't care if my 10-year old boy plays hours and hours of GTA (ok, maybe not too much). If he turns 15 and starts smoking and drinking, well, I cannot stop him. I did that too.

But I think anyone can see that there is a difference between poor/questionable parenting and 11 year-old having access to a shotgun.
</post>
