<post author="no-oneknowsme" datetime="2012-01-23T12:08:00" id="p37">
Quote:
<quote orig_author="dandy-candy">
My mum died of cancer last April and I can't cope without her. She was my best friend and we did everything together. I saw her all the time and we spoke about 6 times a day on the phone up until she was very ill in her last weeks and sleepy with morphine.

I have suffered from anxiety and depression in the past and she was the one person who could calm me down and make everything alright. Yesterday I was due to have an operation to remove my gallbladder and I was actually at the hospital and booked in when I told them I was feeling unwell and left.

I am so scared of having the operation and imagine all the horrible things that could go wrong, I had an op once before but mum was helping me cope with my nerves and helped me go through it. Yesterday I just kept thinking I need mum, I can't do it without her. It's so stupid because I will still have to have it done and she won't be there.

I sit at home during the day and cry and cry. I hold my hands together and keep praying she will come back, I say over and over again "Please come back, please come back" like it will make a difference but I know it can't happen, I just want a miracle.

My husband tries so much to help and is so kind but it isn't the same and i'm scared of stressing him out. The night before I was due my operation I was in such a state and he was trying to calm me and I saw his eyes were bloodshot. He has high blood pressure and I thought "Omg i'm going to end up killing him"

My kids are wonderful but my misery stresses them out, I really really try to hid it but they hear me blowing my nose alot and notice my eyes are red.

I have been on meds (citalopram) in the past but they make me feel really weird and I don't like taking them. I go to a counsellor which is great when i'm with her but when i'm alone I start feeling low again.

I hate myself for being so stupid and not coping. I'm an adult, and a wife and a mum. I know what a stress and misery I am for my family to be around, but I don't believe I will ever get better without mum here to help me. I miss her so so much, I need her back, I can't believe she has gone forever - it isn't possible.

I'm so desperate I just don't know what to do, I want to hide in a corner and pretend none of this is happening. Please please can someone tell me how to cope, or even just hold up for my family.
</quote>
i have to say that as I read your post I had tears in my eyes.

My own mum has cancer, in her breast 3 years ago and unfortunately we were told in October that it had returned in her bones.

I have the same relationship with my Mum as you have with yours and thinking of my life without her reduces me to tears on a daily basis.

She too is on morphine and we have good days and bad.

I wont offer you any advice as I know that when the time comes I will suffer in exactly the same way as you are now.

What I will say however is try to stay strong and think how sad your Mum would be to see you so distressed. If shes anything like mine she will want you to remember her with fondness as you move on with your life, making her proud of the person you have become WHICH IS ALL THANKS TO HER X

Stay strong x
</post>
<post author="clare1076" datetime="2012-01-23T13:15:00" id="p38">
Hi i completely know where your coming from i too lost my mum to cancer at the age of 51, it was a very short illness diagnosed in the October and she passed on 31st May 08. My mum too was my right arm went everywhere together i phoned her every day. I was dumbfounded that my mum was gone just like that. I cried for my mum but i don't think i've ever grieved properly as i had my dad, brother and my two young children who were 3 and 1 at the time and i had to be strong for them. Moving on 3 years and i am now suffering from anxiety/panic attacks and have been quite ill for the past 4-5 months, the dr thinks it could all be down to my loss as since my mums passing i've lost my nan, grandad, 2 uncles and my beautiful 25 day old niece. I'm currently having counselling and i'm hoping this works. I think you need to stick with your counselling and it sounds like you have a very understanding husband so lean on him all you can. Big hugs the day to day things do get easier but the pain of loss never goes away, just be assured that your mum is always with you and loves you very much. Clare
</post>