<post author="georgeob1" datetime="2002-12-13T21:20:00" id="p43">
I have followed this thread with interest, though my path in life could not have been more different from those implied by the several contributors to this thread. My war was 3 deployments flying A-4s and later F-4s from carriers in the Gulf of Tonkin in '67, '69, and 70. My experience with Black people (or Negroes as we said then) started as a boy in Detroit. They were a part of life and could be found in most walks of life - including Naval Aviation ('tho one had to look for them in some circles) Apart from skin color they were like us - no big deal (I'm Irish - it was the Italians we hated).

I viewed life as a bit of a struggle - for everyone. Mostly we were suspicious of people who presumed their morality was at a higher plane than others. No one seemed then to fit that bill better than the 'war protesters' who emerged after 1967.

It is odd to note the similarity of the 'protest stories' I have read on this thread to the 'war stories' often told (and exaggerated) by veterans (and sometimes non-veterans) of very different struggles. We had a saying in my squadron about excessively colorful combat stories, "Those who know don't tell, and those who tell don't know". Could that also be true of protest stories? Even of "war" stories told by protesters?

Life has a way of diminishing all impassioned youthful fancies and increasing one's awareness of the complexity and contradictions in all things that are man made. Have any of you considered just how little justice and mitigation of the hardships of life the Communist governments of Cambodia and Vietnam brought to the people they ruled? Happily that ghastly government in Cambodia is gone now, but 27 years later Vietnam remains the poorest, most economically backward and least free country in South aisia, still in the grip of an ossified bureaucracy that controls everyone and limits human imagination and achievement in everything it touches. After our departure, a generation had their lives wasted in "reeducation camps" being "taught" by the intolerant priests of an oppressive secular faith who, it turns out, themselves knew very little. So much for the "peaceful agrarian reformers" for whom so much rhetoric was wasted.

And what has Jesse Jackson contributed to American life? The self-appointed spokesman for the professionally oppressed; chasing headlines wherever he can; shaking down corporations with his cadre of professional agitators; finally becoming a caricature of himself, pathetic and despicable.
</post>
<post author="edgarblythe" datetime="2002-12-13T21:45:00" id="p44">
George0b1
Nobody on this thread has said a good word about North Vietnam. That is because, speaking for myself, I recognize the oppressive nature of that government. But the situation that led to the war was the result of western nations dividing and using that land to their own ends. After the Vietnamese concentrated political strength to the north and drove out the French it was to our own interest and, as it turned out, the south's interest to let the process take its course. There would have been millions less dead if we had done so and the government would be but little different than it is now. I believe Kennedy's concept of the war was a proxy war with the USSR, which put the whole Vietamese population in the crosshairs in this global struggle. It was uncalled for. And the Cambodian government did not become so evil until Nixon's expansion of the war destabilized the original government. The killing fields would probably not have occurred there but for Nixon.
I refuse to argue Jesse Jackson on this or any other thread.
As for the personal tales on this thread, none of us has said all that much. There was certainly no claimed glory or personal danger to what I told. My wishful thinking was my boldest remark.
</post>
<post author="BillW" datetime="2002-12-13T22:08:00" id="p45">
george, If you speaking of my tales, I slept in the rain soaked jungles. My tales are true - do you doubt my patriotism also - many have because I don't believe the way they do. If you wish not to believe, that is your right - I have nothing to hide and I have a warm, dry bed tonight. Come out of your plane and hump in my boots!
</post>
<post author="dyslexia" datetime="2002-12-13T22:21:00" id="p46">
i think its pretty safe to say that our histories/experiences color our vision and understanding of the world we live in and that seems to me to be espeicially true of those of us coming of age in the 60's. i finished High School in '62, went to Nam in 63 came home and started college and got involved in civil rights mostly due to my experiences in southeast asia and the combined antiwar/civil rights movement so common at that time. after college i, like many others at the time, felt a compulsion to change what we saw as inequalities in the world and became a social worker. All that now seems pretty ordinary in looking back at my life but again we all see the world from our own colored views. On this forum i have found a number of people who have had similiar experiences and some that have had different ones and fortunately a meeting of minds often produces understanding of the variety of views and tolerance of others. Not a bad thing at all.
</post>