<post author="belfastgirl23" datetime="2010-03-12T09:59:00" id="p17">
I kind of want to come at this from a different angle. however much you might look at your daughter objectively and see that she has a good life, I would be inclined to start by believing that she feels otherwise - that all of the things she is expressing that you are writing off as attention seeking are real to her. That's not to say that you have to agree with her on them but I think the fact that you aren't taking it seriously is probably contributing to the problem. You don't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better, you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what's wrong. And I think you have a huge stake in believing that none of your actions have caused her any harm. But was your divorce really so totally amicable the whole way through? Do you think her mum moving out was easy for her? I actually think you need to step back and look at the situation again and ask yourself whether there might be reasons why she feels as she does?

As an example I remember when my dad and his 2nd wife had their first baby - I congratulated them etc but inside I was totally gutted. Although I guess in a way pleased for them too but really upset for myself. You can feel two contradictory things at once unfortunately. The heart is not logical.

I think at the minute you're so exasperated by her that you're making the situation worse. Maybe it's worth sitting down and asking her to tell you from her point of view what's wrong and really listening properly rather than trying to 'prove' to her that how she feels is unfair to you. Feelings are feelings and aren't right and wrong, they just are. She's crying out for attention and especially now before the baby comes might be time to give it to her.

I'm saying all of this knowing how exasperating 15 year olds can be. But I'm just reminding you that at the time it is all real to you, that is really how you feel. And if that is really how your daughter is feeling, is telling her off the way to deal with it?

Lots of luck, she will get through this phase!
</post>
<post author="smileypigface" datetime="2010-03-12T10:10:00" id="p18">
Thank you for giving me another viewpoint BelfastGirl23 - I really appreciate it.

A harder post to read than the other posts supporting my viewpoint (all equally appreciated I hasten to add) - but it's always harder to read something that makes you feel you need to question your own standpoint.

You have triggered some areas that I need to have a long hard think about, that are maybe a bit less comfortable than the viewpoint I've taken so far.

I still think I need to reassess just how much in life she gets for free.

But at the same time I maybe need to move away from my usual standpoint - I do admit I am quite a practical and down to earth person (I'm the sort of friend who finds it hard to put my arm round someone's shoulder to comfort them but will go off and cook them a meal and clean their house to help them practically in times of crisis!).

Food for thought!!
</post>
<post author="whitewing" datetime="2010-03-12T10:24:00" id="p19">
You are so good for not letting rip at her in front of her friends. I would have said something in that situation.

I am sitting here with my baby DD, dreading her being a teenager, lol.
</post>
