<post author="jackie0502" datetime="2010-06-29T15:19:00" id="p1">
my brother has joint parental responsibility and has been having frquent access to his son but his mother phones 2 or 3 times while he has his son so he politely said to her dont phone while he is with me as it is my time with him..she then started sending abusive text to him...when she came to pick there son up she started shouting and threatening my brother in front of neighbours and there son he stayed calm...then the mothers new boyfriend started threatening my brother saying your going to die im going to kill you and burn your house down then turned to my brothers 3 year old son and said say good bye to daddy as it is the last time you are going to see him...police have been called......she says she is going to move miles away with there son and her new boyfriend what can my brother do can he stop it....also if she just up and goes with there son what can my brother do....also can he have a say in the amount of times she has moved and moved his school....and could he have a good chance of getting full custody of there son as she has done credit card frauding,drink driving, driving under the influence of drugs,drug dealing,tried to over dose,racing round with lads in cars,boy racing,she has even asked my brother to buy food shopping in as she had no food for there son
</post>
<post author="FIK" datetime="2010-06-29T15:44:00" id="p2">
I would say you brother wants to stay strong and ignore the insults and threats. The only thing that is important is the child. Taking legal advice (not the opinions of people here, no offence) would be a good idea. Perhaps start with citizens advice they can point him in the right direction. It can be really hard but the best thing to do is be strong but not confrontational.

I would look up the yellow pages for advice places and give them a phone. Don't in anyway insult the other person. Just say you would like help in working out access for your son. Perhaps some kind of councelling so you can they can both talk openly in a calm ish way. She will likely be angry for something he does not even understand. It might not be even his fault. Ofering to listen to her may help?

Why is she being being agressive? I would not even raise my voice to her or her boyfriend. I would also not back down. Try not to use language that is confrontational. For example if she phoned I would say very sorry but I am in the middle of cooking/football/anything. Can I call you back or we can talk when? It could be worth a cheap ish course in assertivness (or a book). You can still persue legal actions for full or main custody but also try and make some kind of relationship. Even if it is a profesional relationship for the good of the child.
</post>
