<post author="Mary_H" datetime="2011-11-08T21:14:00" id="p72">
<quote orig_author="EventHorizon">
First of all, I'm stealing that line. Second, I was just taking a look at this animal's wikipedia entry and found this:

Should I be as disturbed by this as I am? This whole thing is disgusting.

</quote>
It really makes you wonder not only how widespread it is, but also how widespread it could become. I recently read about the custom of men in the Middle East keeping harems of boys, and how some of the boys interviewed said they couldn't wait to become men so they could get their own harems of boys.

I had a job that required me to visit some charter schools in Oregon, out in the rural areas. Something stood out to me -- all the teachers at the three schools I visited were men. It struck me as odd, so I did an online search of teacher statistics and found that Oregon has a higher number of male teachers than the national average, by a significant amount (this was a few years ago, so I can't remember the exact statistic).

I know there is a well organized international network of pedophiles, with their own websites, etc. I started thinking, what if word got around about places (like Thailand, for example) where child sex was easy to get, or where so many members of the population were pedophile-friendly, that no matter how high you went, you could not get anybody to take any action against them? Now comes Penn State with a pretty good example of how that can work. I don't know who blew the whistle on this one, but if Sandusky were a close friend of the governor or the president, we might never have found out.
</post>
<post author="Tsukasa Buddha" datetime="2011-11-08T21:33:00" id="p73">
<quote orig_author="slingblade">
If I were to witness a man anally raping a 10-year-old, I'm not walking away from that.
I'm not leaving that child there. And if--IF--it came down to violence to stop him, then that's what it comes down to.

Make of it what you will, won't hurt me none.

</quote>
I'm not trying to hurt anyone, but most would claim the same about joining the Nazis and persecuting Jews in WWII Germany. electrocuting people as part of an experiment, etc. Meanwhile we know demonstrably that most of the time this is not the case.

<quote orig_author="Checkmite">
Fine; a whole bunch of apathetic individuals came across this.

</quote>
Highly doubtful, and not in relation to any of the psychology topics I mentioned.

<quote>
...nothing seems to have changed. Whether the inaction was the result of people just not particularly caring, or choosing their friend's safety over the rape victims', or being absolutely evil...it makes no difference to the outcome, any more than does the fact that, after all, Sandusky did run a charity for children. They chose to do nothing, and because of that more abuse took place - both directly (in the case of the little boy Sandusky was allowed to finish raping after being walked in on) and indirectly (in the case of other children Sandusky had access to who were abused because nobody reported Sandusky). All their current finger-pointing and buck-passing and shouts of "it wasn't my responsibility" that we're currently witnessing is nothing but a QED of exactly the attitude that facilitated Sandusky's abuses.

</quote>
Obviously it won't change anything in this case, but understanding why this happened again and again could help lead to policies preventing such lapses. Or it could help us better correct for such perverse influences our own moral thinking. And in the case of blame I think proclaiming guilt on a person affects both individuals, so it is best to be most accurate.

<quote orig_author="Mary_H">
The discussion hasn't been about the issue; it's been about what a bad guy the graduate assistant was. According to the indictment, the graduate assistant was "distraught" and "upset" by what he saw. Basically he was a victim of Sandusky, too. The transgressions listed in the indictment began in 1994, and there were many opportunities along the way for other people to stop Sandusky before he raped the boy in the locker room 2002, including an actual police report in 1998. If responsible people had done their jobs, the GA would not have been put in a position he had no training for.

It's definitely a fascinating phenomenon. The GA, as an employee of the school and part of its culture, somehow "got" that going directly to the police might not work out for the best. Could he believe his eyes? Would he embarrass the boy? Would the police believe him over a professor emeritus (which Sandusky is)? I am sure many questions ran through his head while he was trying to deal with what he had seen, or thought he had seen.

And what about all the other people who "knew," but didn't want to know? Sandusky's wife, the boys' parents, Schultz, Curley, Paterno, the police detectives who interviewed Sandusky in 1998 and got him to promise never to do it again?

So much goes into enabling pedophiles, especially when they are respected members of the communities. The victims themselves don't even know what's going on when it is happening to them; they don't even know they have rights. Until recent times, pedophilia has not been, in our culture, a simple question of right vs. wrong or black vs. white. A lot of it has been about protecting the "dignity" of the predator.

</quote>
I agree, except for the beginning bit as being stated too strongly. While many seem content with the "kick the pedo's ***" motto and no one has said they would do the same as these individuals, it is remarkable how many individuals independently "knew".
</post>