<post author="georgeob1" datetime="2002-12-13T22:38:00" id="p47">
edgar,

You may be right - at least in part. The conventional view is that the US and USSR fought it out in the body of Vietnam. However it is well to remember that many Western (and prominently U.S.) leaders fully recognized the wrenching changes that must take place in the former colonial empires of our European mentors, and the dangers that an all to real international communist movement could present to such nations/places in the midst of post War political and economic transition. Even during WWII our war aims were to end European colonialism and to prevent its replacement by any of the various forms of 20th century totalitarianism. Our leaders were mindful of the successful British containment of a marxist led insurgency in Malaysia, followed soon after by Britains peaceful withdrawl from that country. Indeed the British struggle was our initial model for the 'salvation' of Vietnam. It was perhaps a matter of historical hubris that we believed we could succeed in a place in which the cold dead hand of French colonialism had recently been defeated by a Communist movement that clothed itself in the rhetoric of nativism and nationalism and which had been steeled by years of combat. In the end Bernard Fall may have been right. However a quick comparison of Malaysia and Vietnam today should remind us that there may well have been there something worth fighting for.

I don't believe you can defensibly assert that the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia was a result of 'Nixon's expansion of the war'. It was the North Vietnamese who first introduced the war to Cambodia, and it was they who initially supported the Khmer Rouge in their struggle against Sianouk's delicately balanced coalition governments. Later, after we left the Vietnamese revealed their expansionist ambitions in their own invasion of Cambodia. Pol Pot was what he was and his bloody movement had borrowed freely from Mao's thought and tactics. Every communist revolution indulged in its "elimination of the irreconcilables" (Lenin's term). Pol Pot just took the process a bit far. No one has yet written the equivalent tale from China, and the Russian story has only partly emerged.
</post>
<post author="mikey" datetime="2002-12-13T22:44:00" id="p48">
We lose George Mitchell and Henry Kissenger we are done,
</post>
<post author="BillW" datetime="2002-12-13T22:48:00" id="p49">
mikey, could you expand?
</post>
<post author="mikey" datetime="2002-12-13T22:56:00" id="p50">
Do the best I can BW, I think we are done, as a nation, heroes, superpower.
We have no leader/leaders in this country anymore. I think, we look like a joke to the rest of the world, universe.
We will be a third world country before you know it.
Just my opinion.
</post>
<post author="georgeob1" datetime="2002-12-13T22:57:00" id="p51">
Bill,

I meant nothing specifically about you and I certainly don't doubt or question your patriotism. If you were offended, I regret it and offer my apology. (Funny - we all looked forward to the occasional divert to Da Nang with its hooches and booze.)

I was, however, reacting to a thread that was getting a bit sticky and which evoked too well what I view as the worst qualities of an age and much of a generation notable mostly for its narcism and self-indulgence.
The irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.
</post>
<post author="JoanneDorel" datetime="2002-12-13T22:57:00" id="p52">
George on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences. We are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.

I to served in the military during Viet Nam but as a civilian employee, first at 32nd street Naval Station Commander Cruiser Forces Pacific COMCURDESPAC (65-66), then in Tucson, AZ, at Davis Monthan AFB where Colonel Chappy James the first black Air Force General. was the Tactical Wing (66-67) Office of public information and then at Commander Amphibious Forces Pacific, (COMPHIBPAC) Flag Office (68-70).

I had married a Naval Aviator who also served in the Gulf of Tonkin Yacht Club on the Hancock 68-69 and then the Connie (75-77). In between 70-74 we had shore duty in Iwakuni, Japan at Fleet Air Wing Six, the P-3s were based there before the moved to Misawa. Then an assignment to Naval recruiting duty in Columbus, Ohio, prior returning to his squadron at NAS Miramar or as we called it Fighter Town USA.

It was during my tenure at COMPHIBPAC that I learned the most about what I know about Viet Nam. Although I never saw combat first hand I had and have knowledge about all the major battles in the war and all the major operations in the war. Nothing that I have read in this interaction leads me to believe anyone is exaggerating except maybe you. Why would I think that because you seem to be holding your self out as being more than by virtue of you commission and designation as a Naval Aviator jet jock.
</post>
