<post author="JayTeeKay" datetime="2011-05-07T20:39:00" id="p94">
<quote orig_author="drewretto">
I'm not a fan of David Cameron. Thanks to his government, I'll likely be paying 3x as much as I would for university. I voted Labour yesterday, I am a Labour party member, with Scottish roots. However, David Cameron *does* have a say, as do I, as do all of us, on whether we want the Union to remain. David Cameron is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He has every right, and indeed, it should be his job to defend and persuade the Scottish electorate and population that the United Kingdom should remain, that Scotland should vote no to any such referendum.

I would vote no. The world is changing, with a strengthening east and a weakening west. If the UK were to split, we would all become weakened. I agree, Scottish independence is a matter for the Scots, and should they vote for it, then that vote should be respected. But, personally, I believe rather than a breakup, the union should be reformed, so there is equality for all the nations.

Bit of an off point - but I'll just say the 'West Lothian' question and leave you with that. You argue that David Cameron should not be able to 'poke his big nose in' to the idea of Scottish independence - yet, Scottish MPs are able to do just that when certain English affairs are debated in Westminster (something English MPs are not able to do with Scottish affairs). This is why there should be an appetite for reform within the Union - not a messy divorce that will leave us weakened, not strengthened.

</quote>

I don't agree that Scottish should have a voice in Westminster concerning England-only matters. Indeed, it would be far more pragmatic if we devolved the entire union -a parliament for every 5 or 10 million people in England perhaps? (North/Midlands/London/South east/west?). I'm sure there wouldn't be as much appetite for independence north of the border if the Scots felt that they weren't subordinate to a parliament situated hundreds of miles away that doesn't really represent them (Holyrood is overwhelmingly full of centre-left MSPs, yet we effectively have a centre right majority government in Westminster).
I'm not necessarily for or against independence. I haven't really read into it enough to decide. I fully support the decision to go independent though, if that is the outcome of the referendum, just as I would support the decision to remain in the union.
</post>
<post author="cvqw1278" datetime="2011-05-07T20:48:00" id="p95">
<quote orig_author="JayTeeKay">
I'm not Polish. That was my point. My grandfather settled in the Falkirk area of Scotland after the second world war (having served alongside British armed forces during the liberation of Europe). I have Polish ancestry, the same way Cameron has Scottish ancestry. The idea that Cameron's ancestry should entitle him to vote on matters concerning the Scottish parliament is as ludicrous as my ancestry entitling me to vote in the Polish Sejm.
The argument that since Cameron is the prime minister of the UK, he should have a voice is more legitimate, but it is not an argument I agree with.

And if Brittany wished to split, that is an issue for those living in Brittany. If Sarkozy isn't from Brittany, then his only job should be in ensuring that the split occurs legally.

The argument that the whole of the UK should vote on Scotland's independence is like saying the whole of the EU should get to vote if the UK ever holds an in/out Eu membership referendum. It's completely absurd and there's no justification for it.

And what's to say Scotland will go bankrupt? Iceland, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Austria, Switzerland, Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia and Ireland all have population sizes comparable to or smaller than Scotland, and all function well as independent states. The Nordic countries have some of the strongest economies in the world, as does Switzerland. And the Irish economy was, until recently, booming.
Iceland is a very interesting example. No major heavy industry, a population a little
over 1/3 of a million, universal healthcare and education (free at university level at state universities) and yet it manages to maintain one of the highest standards of living (arguably the highest) in the world.
Claiming that Scotland would go bankrupt in no time is ridiculous. It is entirely possible that Scotland could follow the Nordic example if it ever decides to vote for independence. People forget that Edinburgh is a reasonably large financial centre (relatively large for a country of 5 million) and that central Scotland was a cradle for the industrial revolution. Add to that revenue from hybrocarbon extractions in the north sea, fishing exports, and the ability to become reasonably self-sufficient in renewable energy (wind, tidal, hydroelectric -there's potential for it on Scotland's rugged landscape) and I see no reason why Scotland would be unable to function as an independent nation.

</quote>

Apologies for misunderstanding your nationality.
I think the difference with Scotland to those Nordic economies is that Scotland's current expenditure is higher than it would be ovule were to split. It is enormously dependent on the support of the whole of the UK. It would have to scrap free university fees, it wouldn't have the NHS, thus UK infrastructure employs many Scots. If it wasn't to go bankrupt it would certainly struggle for decades.

The EU example just isn't the same at all. The EU is not a country that actively supports each other economically (other than bailouts) as much as a country does, it isn't as socially connected, it employs an extremely small percentage of people, they aren't politically connected and have no national identity.
</post>