<post author="zippyRN" datetime="2012-02-10T22:48:00" id="p18">
zeffy and chefdave demonstrate that they do not know the difference between a liberal and a champagne socialist in politics, and default the horrible americanism of calling anyone who doesn't share the fairly hard right wing view of the US republican party and it's analogues as 'liberal'
</post>
<post author="chefdave" datetime="2012-02-10T23:05:00" id="p19">
<quote orig_author="zippyRN">
zeffy and chefdave demonstrate that they do not know the difference between a liberal and a champagne socialist in politics, and default the horrible americanism of calling anyone who doesn't share the fairly hard right wing view of the US republican party and it's analogues as 'liberal'

</quote>

Rubbish, somebody that argued against British Imperialism and fought for colonial independence = a left wing hero, when British people stand up for exactly the same values in their own country they're written off by the left as "right-wing hardliners."

It's you that's getting your labels all mixed up and applying double standards, not us.
</post>
<post author="Rock_and_roll" datetime="2012-02-10T23:17:00" id="p20">
<quote orig_author="Zeffy">
The big problem with liberals is they are a bunch of upper-class/middle class tits pretending to be working class and pretending to have working class problems from the comfort of their countryside village who then, automatically dismiss any working class man who criticises immigration as a "fascist" and a "Nazi" and refuses to see a different between a true Nazi (like the nutters who support C18) and people merely opposed to mass-immigration.

It doesn't only extend to immigration. See the Dale Farm evictions, the travellers had a lot of support from middle-class twits who came down to support "the oppressed minority" and boost their own sense of self-worth without considering at all the thoughts and feelings of the locals who have had to put up with an illegal travellers site for over ten years and the crime and problems that it would bring. They only see one side of the argument because of their sheep mentality and lack the mental apptitude to see the bigger picture.

There's also a problem with liberals flat out refusing to report on anti-white racism. They're quick to cry out if any minority is on the recieving end of an attack, prejudice or violence yet make every excuse under the sun when a white Englishman/woman is the victim. Take the recent Leicester attack where Liberal groups were defending the four Somali women by saying it wasn't racist and that the lady who was attacked husband used 'unneccesary force' in protecting her.

If, they were less biased and actually opposed all types of racism rather than just racism by whites then honestly, groups like the EDL would not have grown as large as they did.

Personally, I am not opposed to immigration but it should be skilled workers only. No problem at all with having Indian lawyers, doctors, accountants etc coming to the country and improving it. What I do have a problem is giving a passport to any unqualified person with very few skills or qualifications when we have plenty of people who can do the grunt work anyway. Do we really need to allow a bunch of warehouse labourers and factory workers into the country when there's plenty of unemployed already who can do the job?

Yet, anybody who has an argument against mass-immigration is immediately shouted down by the left and the liberals as a "racist" and a "Nazi" who flat out refuse to listen to opposing arguments.

Another thing, the liberals and supposed "Anti-fascist" groups seem to verge onto fascist territory themselves at times. We live in a democracy, a place where freedom of speech exists and where people should not be targetted because of their race, cultural or political beliefs and yet, those on the left are constantly involved in attacks on supporters of right-wing groups.

Nick Griffin has been attacked and had a dart thrown at him. BNP members have been forced out of their jobs by "liberals" and anti-racist groups. Now, regardless of whether you agree with their policies and ideas, is it right that men should be attacked and forced out of work because of their beliefs?

Isn't attacks on political opponents and denying them the right to freedom of speech a traditionally fascist method? I don't support the BNP at all (I vote Conservative) but I do believe that Nick Griffin should be allowed to be a politician and give speeches without fear of reprisal. Likewise, I believe Anjem Choudary and his group should also be allowed to say what they want without fear of reprisal.

</quote>

What a stupid generalisation to make: that all liberals are middle/upper class. I grew up on a council estate and am as working class as it gets, yet I would definitely call myself liberal, along with a large majority of my friends.

A true liberal would oppose any form of negative discrimination, but the right love to make out that the white race is now somehow the most oppressed. This is just laughable, if any kind of prejudice and discrimination should be criticised it is the huge islamaphobic attitudes many have and are developing.

Groups such as the BNP and EDL deserve to be heavily criticised. If they were allowed to go about spewing their bile, unopposed, many of the uninformed populace would consider them acceptable, therefore, vastly increasing their membership. These 'attacks' are necessary to expose these groups for what they truly are: racist, facist organisations that should have no major place in a modern, civilised nation.

Also, don't try and make out the extreme right as being heavily oppressed by the left. It works both ways, did you never learn about the crap supporters of communism had to put up with for decades?
</post>