<post author="ringstrue" datetime="2012-01-27T08:38:00" id="p1">
*aka - the post in which I pull an SBP-type posting*
Backstory: Typically we pick up DD from daycare on the later end - about 5pm give or take 10 minutes. Her daycare is in an officepark so I think most of the parents work right there as opposed to DH and I who work 20+ minutes away in opposite directions. So when we get her, she's usually not in her own room but with whoever is the late-staying person.
They tend to have set times where they change their diapers: 10am, 12pm, 2pm, and 4pm, give or take. This has been so usual for us that I can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all.
There are typically 3-4 different teachers who stay late. Whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers, her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when I change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine. However, there is a teacher who I will call Mrs. I, that we've have issues with.
Past Problem: Whenever DD is with Mrs. I, her diaper isn't changed. It used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials. I have an issue with this because we were still picking her up closer to 5 and somehow everyone else had the ability to change her diaper around 4:30. Also, DH was typically the pickup guy so as much as I'd ask him to ask Mrs. I to change the diaper before they left - he'd forget or DD just wouldn't be in that room and we'd forget the issue. Anyway, I brought this up to the manager and she talked to Mrs. I. This was about 1 month ago.

Present Problem: I pick up DD yesterday from Mrs. I's room and shes a hyper spazoid running around so I don't think of the diaper issue and struggled to put her coat on and get us out the door in one piece. I change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is HUGE and totally full of pee. I check the sheet and it says the last change is at 4:40pm by Mrs. I.
So now I feel like Mrs. I is a lying liar who lies and I'm pissed. It's one thing if you are just lazy and forget, but its another thing to lie about diaper changes all together. Other teachers I've had say "Oh! you're here! Lemme change her real quick for you." But my mommy instinct is that shes digging her heels in and determined to just not change diapers past 3pm.
I wanna complain to the manager again, but I don't see what a solution could be, save for changing Mrs.I's schedule so that she isn't the late person anymore. Do I sound crazy for even bringing this up to her? I mean the past experience has me on edge I'll admit, but we never, NEVER have this happen with any other teacher. Her diaper is just NEVER full like that nowadays save for when she wakes up in the morning.
</post>
<post author="MrsDL" datetime="2012-01-27T08:46:00" id="p2">
I would be pissed too. I would call the director/manager and tell her that when you pick your child up when this one teacher is the late teacher, her diaper is soaking wet. I would acknowledge that the sheet says 4:30 but personally, I would tell them that you find it somewhat odd that it's only soaking wet when Mrs. I is there late. Then I would ask the manager to request that Mrs. I checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day. I think the manager is going to get what is going on and will have a conversation with Mrs. I - she can do this without accusing her, but it will let her know that you are aware of what is going on - so if she's been fudging the sheet she'll likely stop.
</post>
<post author="msSpina" datetime="2012-01-27T08:46:00" id="p3">
IMO, if you are concerned, check her diaper before you leave everyday. If she's wet, either ask the teacher to change her, or change her while you are there. The solution will not or should not be requesting a schedule change for Ms.I.
</post>
<post author="DruidPrinc..." datetime="2012-01-27T08:51:00" id="p4">
I guess I'd log this last instance (date and such), as well as when you spoke to the director and got their response about it. Then I'd wait for a second instance before bringing it up again.
Just because you never know, maybe her bladder just picked a day to go into overdrive. Do they log for you what the kid eats/drinks, when and how much?
</post>
<post author="vanillacou..." datetime="2012-01-27T08:53:00" id="p5">
I get being annoyed at the overall situation but would not let this one day spur a cranky call to the director, since it's possible that your DD just peed a ton between 4:30 and pickup on this one particular day.

Is the director still there when you pick up your DD? At our center, the director is the last one out the door. If it continues to be a problem I'd start showing your daily sheet to the director before you leave - let her see that Mrs. I hasn't changed a diaper in 3 hours. If she's not there when you leave, the next time it happens I would point-blank tell Mrs. I. "it says here that her diaper hasn't been changed since 2:30. Can you tell me why?" - and if it happens one more time after that I would have a very frank conversation with the director.
</post>
