<post author="IRSP044" datetime="2012-01-23T16:24:00" id="p253">
<quote orig_author="nicknick1">
Maybe this conversation posted by "Libertarian" in another thread will put things into perspective:

A conversation with a liberal...

Something rather strange happened last night. Firstly, i was in a pub, which is in itself unusual. Secondly, i found myself in conversation with some rather earnest liberal types. The conversation turned to politics, which led eventually to a rather silly looking woman (RSLW) saying that she hated the BNP.

Voice of reason (VOR): Really why is that?

RSLW: Because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.

VOR: I see, and what is your opinion of muslim fundamentalists? Do you hate them too?

RSLW: No, why would i hate them?

VOR: You don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?

RSLW: No, certainly not. What are you trying to say? Are you a racist?

VOR: How many foreign people have the BNP murdered in the name of the BNP? But i am aware of the 52 people murdered in the name of Islam in London in 2005, and the 2,973 murdered in the name of Islam in America on 9/11, and over 1,000,000 murdered in the name of Islam in the Sudan. Historically there has been hundreds of millions murdered in the name of Islam across the world, every year there are hundreds of thousands murdered in the name of Islam. Are you prepared to admit therefore that Islam is a murderous religion?

RSLW: No, Islam is a religion of peace.

VOR: But the BNP is a violent sect? Filled with murderous racists? Even though you cannot name a single murder carried out in their name?

RSLW: Yes, that's right, Even if they don't murder people, we all know they would like too.

VOR: Would you say that the BNP, whatever you think about them. believe that their country is under threat?

RSLW: No, they are a bunch of thugs, looking for an excuse to hate.

VOR: Would you say that the fundamentalist muslims, who murder your fellow countymen in the name of Islam, were intent on eventually taking control of your country and running it as an Islamic state?

RSLW: What!! Oh my God, you really are a racist aren't you?

VOR: But is it not a act that the BNP claim that they are acting in self defence of your country; and is it not a fact that the fundamentalist muslim claim they want to take over your country?

RSLW: Look, you are trying to put words into my mouth, you are obviously a racist who...

VOR: Sorry to interupt you, but i just want to get something straight here. On one hand we have followers of a religion called Islam, who murder us in the name of that religion and inform us that their ultimate ambition is to conquer us, whilst on the other hand we have a group of people who have murdered no one, and who wish to defend the country, yet you think that the BNP is filled with murderous haters and that Islam is a religion of peace?

RSLW: Yes, absolutely. Only a racist would think otherwise.

VOR: Have you read George Orwell's 1984?

RSLW: Off course i have!! I have a second class degree in English Literature from the University of Leeds!

VOR: How admirable. A veritable achievement indeed. One assumes therefore you are familiar with the daily Two Minute Hate, carried out by Big Brothers state propagandists, aimed at rousing the passionate hatred of the populace against Emmanuel Goldstein?

RSLW: Yes! Absolutely! Overt propaganda utilised as a means of empowering the state at the expense of the common man in the street! Margaret Thatcher....

VOR: My dear, you must excuse me interupting again, but do you not think that yourself might be a victim of state propaganda and brainwashing techniques?

RSLW: Me? Absolutely not!! I just happen to be a senior advertising account executive; there is little i do not know about propagandist techniques.

VOR: Fascinating, but is it not a fact that the British state via the media, relentlessly portrays Islam as a religion of peace and the BNP as a party of violent racists?

RSLW: Yes, but....

VOR: You say you are not a victim of state propaganda, yet you defend Islam as a religion of peace, even whilst you admit they commit mass murder in the name of their religion and have a stated ambition of taking over your country; yet you denounce the BNP, who you admit have murdered no one, and act only in the defence of your country, as murderous racist thugs?

RSLW: You are deliberately confusing me, and you are deliberately putting words in my mouth again, i....

VOR: My dear lady, i fear the confusion resides with you. Whilst it has been more enlightening talking to you, i regret that i must now go away. Alternative hostelries within the near vicinity beckon, with an even sense of urgency.

VOR: Exits stage left. The earnest liberals continue drinking half pints of fizzy beer and small measures of Cuvee Napa Brut - all of then uniformly appalled that such an ignorant and racist individual had so recently been within their fragrant and enlightened midst.

</quote>

Wow that VOR person is a idiot!
</post>
<post author="Rant" datetime="2012-01-23T16:26:00" id="p254">
If you support the EDL or BNP you're missing a few braincells. Such people aren't capable of rational thought and only understand violence.
</post>
<post author="TaylorGang_4" datetime="2012-01-23T16:30:00" id="p255">
They're all a bunch of uneducated, delinquent and ignorant bigots who blame the countries problems on foreigners. I'd rather have a hard working immigrant who goes to work at 8 am and comes back at 5 pm to his family then a chav scumbag who sits on his arse all day spending OUR money on drugs and alcohol and playing his loud music all night long.
</post>
