<post author="edgarblythe" datetime="2002-12-12T20:45:00" id="p13">
I have told this tale of my trip to D. C. with Jesse Jackson on Abuzz, but I want it here.
I had moved to New York to be close to the power center of the country for my anti war activity. I secured a job with a man who rented his truck by the hour to persons who invariably used it to move to their new homes. He would drive and I would come along just in case they wanted to hire us to carry things for them. One day the boss, a black man with Jamaican parents, payed for me to go with him on a trip with Jesse Jackson to set up a tent on the White House lawn - the tent to be painted where it stood - black, of course. I jumped at the chance. When we showed up there were at least three chartered buses waiting. As it turned out, only seven persons besides Jesse got on; the other buses were returned. I was pretty green, sitting, slumped somewhat, looking into space, wrapped up in my own thoughts. All of the people knew one another and carried on conversations I was not brought into. I was shook out of my reverie by Jesse sliding into the adjoining seat. "Why are you here?" he asked. A fair enough question, since I was the only white one on board. I had planned none of this, so I had little to share. "I want to see how these things work," I said. Jesse laughed. "You're going to see how they work all right." I marvelled at how young and smooth he looked, like a high school boy.
We disembarked and right away began to haul the tent to the lawn. We were met by a swarm of police, who outnumbered us. After a brief standoff, Jesse announced that we had achieved what we set out to do, and we left. We had made the news, which was the real objective.
We went from there to the Lincoln Memorial, where the 1968 Mothers' March on Washington had gathered and was prepared to move out. My boss and I fell in at the end. Republican Senator Charles Percy's secretary took an interest in me. She told me of her son, then in Vietnam, and her wish to bring him home. She tried to push me to commit to going to the Smithsonian to try for a job - Why, I was not sure. I have no remembrance of the speeches made before JFK's grave that day. After it broke up we were taken to a wealthy black church, where Floyd McKissick was to speak. Waiting in an outer hall, I stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone. I became aware of a strong, beautiful woman, heard her speak, "I want to ask a question. Why is he here?" The woman pointed directly at me. Startled and intimidated by all the attention, I looked back at a dozen or so enquiring faces. As the only white in the hall, I understood why the question was being asked. I stammerred and spoke about my opposition to the war and my support for the cause of civil rights and they went about their business, satisfied.
Mr. McKissick spoke that night of civil rights. He admonished the white liberals in the audience, "Don't come to our neighborhoods to teach about civil rights. We know about civil rights. Teach it in your own neighborhoods. That's where it's needed." One white man was visibly upset. "Where does that leave us?" he was asking. Floyd says, "If you are our friend you will understand."
We returned to New York by train. I began to look forward to future engagements in the name of civil rights and anti war protests.
</post>
<post author="JoanneDorel" datetime="2002-12-12T20:56:00" id="p14">
I saw it all on TV my mom made me watch. I cried a lot and could not really understand it. BillW we must be the same age or very close to it.

Edgarblythe I loved that story on Abuzz and love it here.
</post>
<post author="BillW" datetime="2002-12-12T23:07:00" id="p15">
Joanne, we're turning into fine old wine (hope it's not vinegar).
</post>
<post author="BillW" datetime="2002-12-12T23:15:00" id="p16">
Another story - about 1958, the summer after my first story: my brother and I got YMCA membership to learn how to swim. We're still living in Memphis and families only had one car back then (unless you were Republican). Anyway, we were taught how to ride the public bus system.

Well, we jump on the bus and run to the back sit - remember it was that bench thing, don't know if it still is. We always went to the back seat. Anyway some blacks were telling us we couldn't sit there, whites had to sit up front. We told them that blacks get all the luck getting the back seat and all. We refused to move. I'm telling you - they got a big kick out of that and said you just go on and sit there, we deserved that seat.

Of course, it wasn't until years later, thinking back to that time that I understood what it was all about. Actually, to tell you the truth, I'm still just about as naive. I still don't understand what stupidity like that is all about. I just can not for the life of me understand segregation.
</post>
