<post author="Clary" datetime="2005-08-05T02:15:00" id="p9">
Well said, JLN! I haven't been there myself but my 3 sons and a friend went a couple of years ago. They said a) it was one of the most beautiful places they had been and b) it was the place in the world they had been most hassled and cheated. I think, too, that as 4 young men travelling together, they were looked upon as a challenge by local youth. They said there was fighting amongst kids in the street and this seemed to be normal and tolerated. So it is a society with a very male testosterone-rich style. The shops run by women were altogether less hassly, more friendly. One thing they found particularly hard to deal with was other young men attaching themselves to their group and being undislodgeable (a nwe word and it's only 9 am!). My eldest who is especially friendly and tolerant tried to make friends with these people but in the end they all wanted something. That can be dispiriting for the open-minded and open-hearted.
But they enjoyed their stay generally, would certainly not avoid it in future.
As for lumping all Islamic countries together as a no go area - what complete nonsense! As we're going to Turkey and Syria at the end of this month, and expect to have a wonderful trip as independent travellers, I am definitely making a political statement - I do NOT lump all Muslims together, and believe that 98% are friendly to travellers. Most are undoubtedly anti-American and anti-Bush, but that is not a sentiment confined to the Islamists.
</post>
<post author="FreeDuck" datetime="2005-08-05T06:01:00" id="p10">
That's interesting, Clary. Do you know where in Morocco your sons travelled? If I had to guess I'd say Marrakech and Tangier and possibly Agadir?

When we visit, we visit family mostly in and around Rabat (the capital) but we have done the tourist thing and during those times it was very helpful to have at least one Moroccan handy to tell the "attachers" to get lost. Also, we Americans are not so used to haggling to buy something whereas it's a way of life there. I was told that you always take the price given and cut it in half and go from there.

But Morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another. Kind of like America, I guess. If someone visited the US and went to LA they might have a different perception of the US than someone who visited and went to New Orleans.

I've never seen fighting in the streets, at least not physical fighting. Moroccans are a bit like Italians when they get excited.

But regardless of tourist experiences, I am still very happy with the progress being made there. Every day it's something new.
</post>
<post author="Clary" datetime="2005-08-06T16:51:00" id="p11">
They went right into the desert, very near the southern border hired a car and driver I think, and also to the rather hippy town - Meknes? Fez? I have a notoriously bad memory for places I haven't been! Agadir they found expensive and touristy. Don't think they went to Tangier. Casablanca was a disappointment too, I think. Like many English, they preferred fewer crowds and more ethnicity.
</post>
