<post author="Aphotic Cosmos" datetime="2011-11-06T23:15:00" id="p7">
<quote orig_author="Sunshine showers">
But it's just a job like any other. It doesn't matter why they are doing it, whether it be for their country or for something else.

</quote>

To quote myself from the other thread:

<quote orig_author="Me">
Originally Posted by Me
I wear a poppy specifically because I did lose a relative in the Great War, albeit someone I probably would not have known anyway due to the generational gap. My Great Grand Uncle Aherne, a poor farmer from Clare in Ireland, joined the 8th Btn, Royal Munster Fusiliers. He died on the Somme, far from the Emerald Isle, surrounded by his comrades on a muddy field in Picardy. I don't know if he fought for the Crown as a unionist, or for Ireland as a nationalist. If he cared about Home Rule or if he just wanted peace for his children. Even if he had any choice in the matter is not clear. He had been at the front for less than two weeks. All I know is that he died, probably cold and in pain, in one of the worst chapters of human history. How could I not try to remember what little there is left of his memory? To keep alive the courage that he found in the face of such atrocities? When I found his grave, a little north of Sailly-le-Sec in the Somme valley, I openly wept for about half an hour. I will never forget, because I will be damned if another generation is lost to another pointless world war. I don't care about why others wear the poppy, whether they are among the sycophants or they wear it to remember, I just know why I wear it - for my Great Grand Uncle. Many people will be unaware of their relatives buried on the Somme and in Flanders and Picardy, many more will know of a dead relative but only ever have the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior to attend to in Westminster Abbey. I count myself lucky in some respects that I have a place to mourn him. To mourn them all.

</quote>

For the soldiers of the Great War, there was no choice, no recruiting office, and no intensive training. Many were conscripted (i.e. no choice), given a Lee-Enfield and ordered to run in a straight line over the top of rat-infested, muddy trenches into a hail of machinegun fire. The survivors would then proceed to mow down Germans and Austro-Hungarians doing the same on the other side. A million British soldiers alone did not survive.

If you had ever seen the cemeteries of Northern France and Belgium, or the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, you would not need to ask the point of remembering the Great War in particular through wearing poppies. It is probably the most sobering and poignant sight it is possible for a citizen of this nation to see. The German cemeteries are even worse - 4 soldiers to a cross, each cross lined up as part of a line of 10-20, with hundreds of lines. And those are the small cemeteries.

The poppy is really a symbol for people to remember whomever they wish to from the Great War. I personally choose to remember my Great Grand Uncle first, but also all the other millions who have died in pointless wars for the benefit of tyrants over the course of the 20th century in particular.
</post>
<post author="Drewski" datetime="2011-11-06T23:16:00" id="p8">
And, if you really are that against war [which you should be, tbh, everyone should be] but also have trouble about an overly militaristic sense of it, get the white poppy.
</post>
<post author="abc:)" datetime="2011-11-06T23:19:00" id="p9">
<quote orig_author="Sunshine showers">
First of all, I'm not saying i'm against Remembrance day and the wearing of poppies, I just don't see the point of it. Yes, soldiers have done a very good thing but the way I see it, all they did was do their job. Most people have jobs, and they are expected to do that job to the best of their ability.

Doctors and nurses work hard like soldiers and contribute positively to society. So do teachers, social workers, and even binmen. So why don't these people get a remembrance day? Each person knows exactly what their job involves before they start, including any risks. If you happen to die while at work, you knew that it might happen before you started and so did your family and friends.

Soldiers just do their job, like anyone else. They chose to take the risk of possibly dying, so why are they seen as 'heroes' just because they chose a risky job?h

</quote>

When someone you know dies do you want to remember them? I would think so. They died, so we have remembrance day. I would have thought it's pretty straight forward but this is TSR
</post>
<post author="celestialteapot" datetime="2011-11-06T23:22:00" id="p10">
"I wear a little Poppy as red, as red can be
to show that I remember, those who fought for me."

It wasn't just the armed forces (don't forget it's not just soldiers), it was everyone. People (often had to) gave up their normal everyday lives. They may not have fought 'for me' but they fought so that there was that possibility. WW1 and WW2 affected everyone and it pretty much changed the world.

Here's a poem I find particularly effective when Poppy Day comes along:

I saw the Prince of Darkness, with his Staff,
Standing bare-headed by the Cenotaph:
Unostentatious and respectful, there
He stood, and offered up the following prayer.
“Make them forget, O Lord, what this Memorial
Means; their discredited ideas revive;
Breed new belief that War is purgatorial
Proof of the pride and power of being alive;
Men’s biologic urge to readjust
The Map of Europe, Lord of Hosts, increase;
Lift up their hearts in large destructive lust;
And crown their heads with blind vindictive Peace.”
The Prince of Darkness to the Cenotaph
Bowed. As he walked away I heard him laugh.

(Siegfried Sassoon)
</post>