<post author="Katzndogz" datetime="2012-01-23T07:20:00" id="p65">
<quote orig_author="g5000">
It isn't so much Newt's sex life, it is the hypocrisy. He impeached a President for cheating on his wife. Denying that is like a redneck denying the Civil War was about slavery.

Newt was making a big deal of Clinton's blowjob at the same time he was cheating on his own wife.

So it is the sheer hypocrisy that says everything about Newt. Not the sex.

Even if you want to be a dick and say it was about Clinton lying, Newt is STILL a hypocrite. He also lied to Congress and was caught at it and is the only Speaker in history who was busted for it.

Newt's hypocrisy continues to the present day. That's why I don't buy the "he went to God" crock of shit his bleevers swallow.

A couple months ago, Newt went on a rant about the GSEs that led to the sub-prime crisis. He said Chris Dodd and Barney Frank should go to prison for their connections to the GSEs.

He said this as a person who worked for Freddie Mac's top lobbyist for 7 years! All through the buildup of the GSEs which contributed to the crisis!

Judging Newt by his own standard, he should be in prison.

When caught by the media as having worked for Freddie Mac, Newt said he worked for them as a historian. Just how fucking stupid do you have to be to believe that? He also said he warned them that what they were doing was insane.

Really? Gee, that must be why in 2007 he gave a speech to GSE employees praising Fannie and Freddie to the skies, and said there should be more government-sponsored entities out there.

Then when it comes out he worked for Freddie Mac's top lobbyist for seven years, starting right after he resigned as Speaker of the House, he goes dead silent on that. Gosh, I wonder if he was hired by the lobbyist because of his powerful access to Congress and not as a historian. You think?

The sex thing just illustrates how rotten he is. But there is much, much more rot to Gingrich than the affairs. Much more. He was rotten then, and he is rotten to the core now.

When a man keeps changing his story as more facts of his past come to light, that should tell you everything you need to know about him.

</quote>

Now you have your reason. This is it. Democrats sincerely and honestly believe that Clinton was impeached over sex. They sincerely and honestly believe that slavery was the cause of civil war. They believe it so sincerely and honestly that the truth and facts are rejected entirely.

The record is quite clear. Clinton was not impeached over a BJ. He was impeached and disbarred for lying in the Paula Jones case. The subject of the lie was his sexual conduct. The lie itself was the reason for the impeachment. The purpose of the lie was to affect the outcome of the Paula Jones case. So that she would lose that case. He wanted to cheat her out of her recovery.

That's where democrats get creepy. Democrats have no problem whatsoever in going absolutely hysterical over someone rich and very powerful lying in court to deprive a poor woman of her day in court and cheating her out of her lawful recovery. It just has to be someone they don't like. If the man who lied in court was CEO of Exxon, the democrats would have much more anguish over the subject. If it was George Bush, he not only would have been impeached, but tried and removed from office. It is far more than a double standard. It is creation of democrats as a class of persons who, by reason of political process, be above the law.
</post>
<post author="Unkotare" datetime="2012-01-23T07:22:00" id="p66">
Very well stated!
</post>