<post author="ossobuco" datetime="2006-07-09T18:14:00" id="p64">
Low wages are hard to make it with in the US. Never mind apartments with microwaves and airconditioning. I haven't had airconditioning my whole life until a couple of months ago, and now I have a "swamp cooler".

A lot of people double and quadruple up. Insurance, should one go for it, is incredibly expensive if you live as an independent contractor or as a part timer - people often do a few part time jobs.

I moved from Chicago to LA when I was thirteen. That was just as my family security was going to hell in a handbasket, but I'd had a few years as a middle/upper middle class kid. Well, say, 1.5 years. So, slums were what I could see from our Buick.

When we got to LA, I knew there were tough parts of town. I married a guy who'd lived at the heart of south LA until he met me and he'd lived two blocks from Florence and Normandie his whole life, a neighborhood with some tough stuff going on. But me, at fourteen, when I saw what they considered a tough neighborhood in LA, I thought, eh! because it didn't look like I'd seen, for minutes mind you, back in Chicago. I got to know better over time.

There is a dredge on one's life, when transportation is mostly unavailable, night and day are dangerous, and you have a lot of trouble showing up at a job even when you desire it badly.

People can get welfare.. but between welfare and living ok is quite a bit of a chasm for a lot of people.
I don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the Economy.
</post>
<post author="ossobuco" datetime="2006-07-09T18:23:00" id="p65">
Well, my post looks damn odd next to Edgar's and well it should. I always listen to Edgar.
</post>
<post author="edgarblythe" datetime="2006-07-09T19:30:00" id="p66">
Looks fine to me.
</post>
<post author="OCCOM BILL" datetime="2006-07-09T20:19:00" id="p67">
I don't think a "National" minimum wage makes any sense, since the purchasing power varies wildly from State to State. Here in Wisconsin it is set at $6.50, which is a bit lower than the law of supply and demand demands I pay, even a dishwasher. I use it as a starting point to determine a new employee's worth during training but only kids and the truly incompetent will actually work for it. There were 62 people on my payroll this week, and only 2 at the minimum wage that aren't tipped on top of it.

In Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, even fast food places were advertising starting pay of $8.50, 12 years ago. For the most part, I think the market should be allowed to set it's own price, but would agree that there does have to be a minimum wage of some kind. I'd have to study further before answering definitively; but I don't think I'd be opposed to Kennedy's (Snood's) attaching it to inflation either even retrospectively providing they spaced it out to give business an opportunity to adjust. It might hurt a little initially, but I think in the long run you simply empower more qualified buyers anyway.

On the other hand; I would vehemently oppose any suggestion to raise the minimum to the actual cost of living, as this would inevitably make vast numbers of people virtually unemployable. There's a limit to what anyone would pay for incompetence. As Thomas correctly pointed out, a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case. The net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.

I've also read that large local minimum wage increases (didn't Dys reference one?) have terrible side-effects on the poorest of the poor, as more qualified applicants stream in from surrounding communities making it almost impossible for the least competent to find any work at all.

In broad strokes, I think I also like Thomas's idea of financing some of the disparity through increasing the Earned Income Tax Credit... perhaps even more than attaching minimum wage to inflation. (It's a bit off topic; but I think I'd also like to see that money come from a healthy Death Tax. Should I prove successful; I know I'd rather pay a higher portion of my tax burden upon my death, which in turn would free up more of my dough to create jobs during my lifetime... and encourage me to do so.)
</post>
<post author="gustavratzenhofer" datetime="2006-07-09T20:35:00" id="p68">
Bill, the more I read your stuff, the more I am convinced that you have a black heart.

I still like you, but I am beginning to wonder why.
</post>
<post author="cicerone imposter" datetime="2006-07-09T20:39:00" id="p69">
The issue of a national minimum wage is complex, because as somebody already mentioned, the cost of living ain't the same across the US - or even from community to community in the same county.

It's a tough call even for states, because of what I said in the first paragraph.

I think the issue is a matter of extremes; too high a minimum wage will hurt the poor for reasons OBill explained. If it's too low, survival would be the issue - even when working full-time - with some carrying two jobs.

It's a tough call, but today's minimum is too low. The idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them.
</post>
