<post author="KaseiJin" datetime="2009-06-10T23:26:00" id="p55">
@William,

I'm not sure that you are really asking the right question, william, because once genetic, genital, and gender identity are set, we have no way of changing that (which is basically why homosexuality was finally deleted from the list of disorders to be correct by psychologists...it's most usually (not always) just a result of natural flows). You see, all this hormone stuff is simply (and mostly) 'up stream' events from genetical events which build us, and set us organisms off on a cetain track. Enviornment and personal history will, nevertheless, have some effect, but case after case has taught us that there is very little chance of altering the 'hard wiring' after birth. It can concieveably be done during an en vitro gestation period (outside the womb), it seems.

But here, William, why try to force against the grain of nature, what is natural? This is one major reason why I see problems with the set-up you are insisting on, namely, that some (not all) elements of your proposition attempt to work cross-grain with nature itself. There will without doubt be some genetic and genital males who will be as good (and some even better) at raising children than some genetic and genital females will be. Therefore any attempt to blindly draw lines along what we see on the outside as being a gender, is not good enough.

Also, this will surely draw more focus on the idea of 'equality' in the pair-bonded setting--that is, equality between two human beings first and foremost. A number of applications can be made; one being that rather than acquiescing any role of 'final-decision-maker-in-disagreement-situations' on either of the two in a pair bond situation based on sexual state, we would find a greater leverage in rendering that role to the one of better qualification for the particular task at hand. In fact, that can be applied downward towards a fair number of decisions, can it not?

It is a natural fact that there will be the occasional woman who'll know more about tuning the engine than the man she may be in a pair bond with, and the occasional man who'll have a much better working knowledge of nutrition than the woman he may be in a pair bond with... so... rather than leaning on social norms of ages gone by that are steeped in misinformation and ignorance, would it not be better to reach out and attempt to work with what nature has given us?
</post>
<post author="salima" datetime="2009-06-11T00:54:00" id="p56">
@William,

KJ-
do you know about thomas beatie, the transgender man who has given birth to two children? i assume it wasnt natural-as you are intimating in your post that what nature does is natural-and transgendering is done by man/woman as surgery.

wah; i just looked up david reimer and he committed suicide at age 38. boy raised as girl story written by john colapinto. what an awful story...
</post>
